,rating,review
0,5,"Everything is nice about this product as mentioned. Just the backlit, having it or not doesn't matter. Very low. Only con there I realize.
No heating issue for me,
I don't watch movie or play games so no idea about the graphics.
Overall I loved it, even my cousin was astonished saying that he didn't had any idea Dell Laptops could be this eye catching... 🤭... And for me screen size is great!"
1,5,"Its an amazing experience to work on this laptop. its been 3-4months of intensive usage as i am a research student. The softwares have been running extremely smoothly and the boot is very fast! it has touch id, backlit, ssd almost all the features i was looking for!"
2,5,"I did research on laptops for past 2 weeks and finally made the decision of getting myself Dell Inspiron 5408 series. Let's start with each points.

Looks : Premium design, diamond cut hand rest which gives it a classy finish. The backside is quite similar to the mac air which is also good.

Performance: I use them for content typing, editing, presentations, online conferences, mostly all of these at the same time. So, multi-tasking really works well with the i5 processor. The camera quality ..."
3,5,"First Of All, I am writing this review after using this laptop 1 month and trust me this is an awesome laptop .
Also, I have read one review from a person who had ordered this laptop and was facing problem with audio jack. So, to that person and all of you I want to say that audio jack is in completely good condition you just need to update some drivers then it will works well.

Now,
Display- its display is just amazing and colours are very vibrant and punchy.

Keyboard- Its keyboard is very..."
4,5,"All as described. Finally a speedy experience at a nominal price. Also the keypad is very soft. Really works wonder with typing. Battery backup is average. Light weight so can work for long hrs. With i5, the speed is awesome. Loving it so far."
5,2,"Audio jack is not working. Recieved defective product. And no option for replacement. Dell assured me that product need to be replaced but flipkart is not replacing the product and keeps on postponing the date of replacement.
Horrible experience of buying laptop from flipkart.
It's been more than 18 days and flipkart is keeping on expanding the date of replacement. Terrible customer support and worst experience."
6,5,"Normal office, college and school work, social media, entertainment etc goo for it.
Good camera, speaker, battery life, design, body, etc modern ports. The best you can get in this price range."
7,5,Product is very good. But not loo lightweight and not so thin ..
8,5,This is my initial review. It's really volue for money product. One touch unlock is precise. Light weight. And backlit keyboard. Good for personal use.I will give final review after some time.
9,4,"Pros:
Thin and light weight
Display
Fast performance
Cons:
Keyboard size
Sometimes screen is fluttering
Sound is bit low"
10,4,"Pros
1. Good Speakers.
2. Good Display.
3. Good Graphics.
4. Good for gaming.
Cons
1. Laptop is little slow to start and somewhat lagging.And it's keep on updating and updating.
2. Not able to catch full strength wifi."
11,5,"Very nice laptop in this price to do basic stuff browsing and MS office use. You get HP's name and quality. Laptop takes time at boot but that's fine you can start laptop little bit early before your work. I bought HDD version cause it gives more storage than SSD. After the start laptop runs smoothly. Nowadays 8gb ram is must, 4gb will give you sluggish performance and you'll get frustrated. Windows 10 and MS office is also good, you just need to sign in with your Microsoft login, if not you ..."
12,5,This 💻 laptop is just awesom at this price ..must buy if u wan to buy a laptop for study purpose or of offical work this is so suitable for any work ....battery backup is 3-4 hours
13,5,"This budget lappy very well....
Performance: 5/5
Display: 4/5
Sound: 5/5
Battery: 4/5
Design: 5/5
Very nice and Ostanding Laptop
Performance very well 8gb ram very nice slim and design very nice laptop..."
14,4,"It is actually quite good in this price..good battery and processor, pretty good display and speakers!looks classy too.."
15,5,Only startup booting is slow for it otherwise best I repeat best best best laptop ever I used in this range ... 5 out of 5 for this masterpiece in such a cheap range.. absolutely go for it blindly👌👌👌best look best finish stylewise and good system configuration.... I loved it a lot...HP is really awesome💐👌👍
16,5,"By comparing with the all other competitors in this price range, this laptop is best in class.
Initially I thought it can't perform like i3 processor, but ryzen 3 is feeling like the another version of i5"
17,5,"Just an amazing screen view and quality is far better
In this price , this is not better ...rhis is best😉"
18,1,I m using this laptop last 5 days proceser was to much lag basically I am doing work from home that's why I buy this but I am choosing wrong product if I am using excel take a around 1 minimum to open excel and completely frustrated to his battery back up first day I get 3:22 hours after that I get 2:50 minutes today I plan to watch movie then full charger the laptop then he give me only 1:52 minutes I am watching movie 0 brightness and sound connect by headset but still he gives me only 1:52...
19,3,"It's bit slow even though I'm using it for study purpose only like pdf files, browsing. 🦥
What will happen if I store my photos in it & want to use other apps?
My brother have a HP laptop with Intel processor he buyed it 4-5 years back he uses it fully like gaming to storing files still it's quick.
Everything is good in my laptop but it's speed it's not that quick but as I'm using it for study purpose I can bear it."
20,5,"It's a good laptop with no issue as such ! Screen is IPS good viewing angles ! Battery is decent 4-5hr easily!
Build quality is good previously i was using HP 14s i3 11th gen, the quality was poor, though it is a good laptop when it comes to performance.
The only issue is it's VRAM which is 512mb quite low !! You can't play GTA V in even 720p, which is possible in i3 11th gen which can play it in 1080p.
Rest it's a good piece of hardware."
21,5,"Display -: one of the finest display in this price range. No viewing angle issues. The best you can get.

Performance -: ryzen 3 4300U best processor you can get in this segment. AMD is destroying intel nowadays. AMD was criticised and not liked by many in its earlier days because of its non efficient and heating problems but now it is killing intel in every aspects. It doesn't have that much heating as compared to intel processors and it is much more efficient than ever.
Their integrated gra..."
22,4,Looks is fine... Easy to carry! But can't play a normal 4k video from pendrive and there is no antiglare display. So in sunlight or in normal bright light you might face some issues. Otherwise it's a good choice.
23,5,"Best you can get under 40k budget, thankfully I was able to grab this product for 36.5k by applying bank card and other no cost EMI discount offer. Indeed disappointed with the delivery service as it wasn't delivered as per the promised date.

Coming to the laptop, this is simply a masterpiece, it's lightweighted and tiny 14 inch laptop yet power packed with amazing performance , boot ups are blazing fast, you get 512gb of NVME SSD which is upgradable upto 1TB , you get a extra RAM Slot for ..."
24,5,This is good one in this price range. You can buy it. Look is classy and having good configuration. Easy to use and robust design.
25,4,"Pros:
1. Display is really good.
2. It's compact and Lightweight
3. It's better for Programming and development work in this price range (37 K)
4. Multitasking is good and smooth.
5. Booting start within 4-6 sec.
6. Restart within 12-18 sec.
7. Genuine Windows with Microsoft Office
8. Battery back-up is descent
9. Perfect for student

Cons:
1. Fan position is very bad. Display get warm by hot air flow (Who's the architect???)
2. Camera quality is not so good
3. Voice recording is also little..."
26,4,"Nice product , cool design and killer look . Processor Speed sufficient and the more can say that satisfied of all respects"
27,5,"Awesome product,the best in this price.i purchased it in offer..36k,.I am satisfied"
28,5,Wonderful laptop even played gta 5 smoothly on low graphics.backlit keyboard is only con in this laptop rest is top notch.
29,4,"Nice laptop in this price range, satisfied with its performance but one thing is missing.
There is no backlit keyboard."
30,5,This is the best laptop in this range.I recieved late delivery due to big billion sale but the waiting was worth it. I played The Witcher 3 and Far Cry 4 in ULTRA graphics and it was running super smooth without any lag. So for gaming its a Beast no doubt. After 2 days I was getting charging issue and the charging was very slow so I contacted HP support via whatsapp and they told me to update the BIOS and after updating it was back to super fast charging and even the system was running faster...
31,5,AWESOME LAPTOP. It supports many high spec games like gta 5. Super quality. I liked it very much
32,4,"For that price... it's exceptionally good. Played Far Cry 4 at Ultra Graphics 1080p.. was super smooth. So was GTA V, Just Cause 4. So you can do pretty decent gaming. General PC performance is good. Photoshop 2020 (June) works perfectly and also other Adobe products. Display is super cool too. So yeah, a good system overall for that price."
33,5,"It's good gameing laptop in this price
Display is good battery backup is good
And I like keyboard 😁👌"
34,4,Best laptop in this price range... Believe me if you are willing to buy this laptop don't hesitate just go Nd buy it !! Booting takes 22 sec... If you want more faster then I will recommend you to go for ssd variant... Speed of HDD is not that slow people are reviewing above🙄... Nd wait wait wait people are also saying above ram is the problem only given 6 GB so every device have some pre installed software so non of the brand will provide u 8 out of 8 gbs 🤦♂️...there is no problem with the...
35,4,"The AMD APU is a disappointment.
If you guys don't know, the amd integrated graphics will reserve 2gb of your ram so you are left with 6gb instead of 8. HP has also locked their bios so we can't change vram settings either. It is what it is, I'll recommend that you should go for an Intel cpu if you can bcz amd might be cheaper but they will eat your hardware even though you are not using it at all so it's a waste of 1/4 of ram you paid for. Other than that Gtx1650 is a beast and ryzen 5 will ..."
36,5,"Its an absolute beast if u know what are the necessary steps to follow after completing the installation of your laptop...

Make sure you update all the drivers and specifically windows bios and nvidia drivers, because it enhances the performance very much , i myself have felt the same ...Just download a software called driver booster which is free and a great soft indeed it scans for all available driver updates and installs them , also it has a game turbo power option which releases some ra..."
37,4,"RAM upgrade is must do because the useable RAM is only 6GB, Ryzen 5 3550H is a great processor however eats up 2GB RAM in system, Due to that Heavy games like GTA 5 stutter, The FPS while gaming is good however stuttering happens when games doesn’t get enough RAM, Due to which I have to spend another 3.5K to put a 2nd 8GB ram stick. Rest all Is good Display is crisp Battey is good for gaming laptop anyway to play games chargers needs to be plugged in, Although the 5400 RPM HDD is quite slow m..."
38,5,"This is my 2nd laptop and ti be true i like it preety much.
The booting speed is good and can be more if you install ssd in it.

Overall look wise it's awesome 👌😍.

I played Apex legend in low graphic settings and it runs smoothly

The lappy can become a beast if you upgrade the ssd and ram ✌️
An additional of around 5k to 9k can be done to reach it's maximum potential.
I'm happy with it 😊"
39,4,"The true potential of this thing is unleashed when it's plugged in. Don't even bother to game on this thing on battery only. Battery backup about 5 Hrs on normal uses like browsing, video streaming etc with both wifi and Bluetooth ON.

2GB out of the 8GB RAM is reserved for Vega 8 which is a real bummer. So another RAM of 8GB 2400 MHz is recommended at slot 2.

Pair it with an SSD ( ofcourse nvme recommend ) and feel the difference.

Be sure to download GeForce Experience.

Update all the dr..."
40,5,This is super fast laptop in the budget segment. Good for school and college work. Due to SSD the speed is very fast. Can easily play games. Screen is very good but not great. Handles most of the daily work with pleasurest ease. Not sure if this can be used for video editing...but I hv seen videos which says so!!
41,5,Genuine product 😇😇😇😇😇
42,5,Excellent
43,4,"Laptop is really great. Before buying I was in confusion between Ryzen and Intel. After 7 days of usage, I felt no difference. I continuously use my laptop for office and movies at least 10 hours a day and didn't e even notice any heating problem. If you are looking for a laptop below 45k with good performance, just go for it."
44,5,"nice product! Looks classy, superfast. But LAN port is missing in the laptop that's might be problematic for some people. Otherwise overall best in this price range with the given configurations."
45,4,"1. display 4star
2. sound 5star
3. speed 4star
4. keyboard 5star
5. battery 4star
over all review 4 star
i bought for 45,990
but now it is 50,000 which is not actually value for money.
if it is available for 45000 aprox definately go for it.
good for student office use home use ."
46,4,Good Product.
47,4,It's looking good they didn't mention the battery performance and it is overheating
48,5,Excellent product for students
49,5,Amazing
50,5,"It's just amazing! Let me get the details here:

• At this price it will be the best buy for office/casual use, average gaming (Haven't played any high res games yet).
• It has 1 SSD 256GB and 1 HDD of 1TB. Windows is installed in SSD so the loading time (from turned off to start) is near about 5-7 seconds.
• Usable Ram is around 5.86GB. 8GB is installed in one slot so another one is free to get another ram installed.
• It is very light. It doesn't have a CD drive. Honestly, I don't think any..."
51,4,"Product is good but the fan is running continuously, its little annoying if you live in a quiet peaceful area.
Second thing I have mention is the build quality of the product. Its made of plastic, not the best one but little low in quality.
Otherwise it is a good product, good display, good performance, good battery life, soun of the speakers are also loud. I'm satisfied with this product."
52,5,"Very good It's a beast at the price of 40k
Loved it and also the cheapest ssd laptop offered by hp you won't find it anywhere else. Thank you Flipkart for quick delivery"
53,5,"Overall the laptop is outstanding
My needs are some online classes and a bit gta5 in free time and this thing can handle it nicely but at lower graphics which does not make game too much laggy but it's fine.....the design is fabulous and it supports quick charging only takes 20 minutes to charge from 15% to 100%.....best processor in this range with a 256gb ssd only this laptop offers such a configurations......Hats off to HP.....wonderful product for a bit of gaming and online classes."
54,5,"Just amazing !!!
Nice experience with powerful processor... Very good battery backup (about 6 hrs).. in good price..
Just go for it !!!"
55,4,For work purposes it works smoothly even I played a small game and there is huge lag for work purpose and Student use its best buy
56,4,"Thanks Flipkart for fast delivery in our lockdown zone.

Now I am writing review after 10 day use of laptop.

1. Better performance cause of 8gb ram and 256gb SSD, it boots up only in 7 secs. and I didn't faced any lag till now.

2. Better Battery Performance (upto 6-7 hrs ) with fast charging.

3. Screen Quality is good but it has little bit backlight bleeding issue cause of IPS Display (this is only noticeable on Black Screen).

4. Fan speeds and noise only increases when Work load increase..."
57,5,"It has a great slim look, the audio and display quality is also very good. It works really first. Great choice undoubtedly. But the battery backup is not so good."
58,5,"Over all good laptop for this money. Best option to choose this laptop is design, display and 256SSD and 1TB HDD.I like this laptop ❤"
59,5,"Very good product by hp,this laptop is very slim and powerful prosser,good battery back up, design is very good,i got this 37699 i recommend all of you this laptop,thanks flipcart"
60,2,"I PURCHASED LAPTOP 1 MONTH BACK AND NOW I AM FACING BATTERY/SOME HARDWARE ISSUE. LAPTOP BATTERY IS NOT CHARGING. I LOCKED CASE WITH ACER SUPPORT BUT NO PROPER RESPONSE, GENERIC STATEMENTS, I AM WAITING SINCE 8 DAYS AND STILL NO ONE ATTENDED THE TROUBLE SHOOTING CALL, NO LINK FOR CASE TRACKING, I AM COMPLETELY UNAWARE ABOUT MY CASE STATUS. THE LINK THEY HAVE PROVIDED IS NOT WORKING. PRODUCT IS GOOD BUT SUPPORT IS REALLY POOR AND I MUST SAY PLEASE CHECK MY REVIEW BEFORE BUYING ACER PRODUCTS."
61,4,"Battery is ok
Display ..good but not great
Speed is fabulous
On time.8 sec.
Off time.4.sec.
Ram rom. Is competitive...
Processor is good enough to beat i5
My price was 41990
But now price hike...but aweroll value for money product. I can recommend any one below 45 k"
62,4,"lets see the details :
HARDWARE

1)Screen : No such bleeding issue is seen and it supports 4k and crystal clear display (although in some app like utorrent the writtings are little blur) (4/5)
2)Sound : The was low at the beging but after i installed realtek hd audio driver it became like normal. (3.5/5)
3)keyboard : the keyboard has white color backlight although its not like other gaming laptop keyboard and is less mechanical hence i would advice to use external keyboard
..."
63,4,"Laptop is good at 8gb ram. After I've upgraded it to 16gb. It's working absolutely Great.
I play PUBG on Smooth Extreme and it's totally smooth.
I've tried HD and Extreme and it works fine but heats so i orefer smooth and Extreme.
Upgrade Ram to 16gb and It'll be very fast.
Btw it boots within 10seconds."
64,4,"Best laptop for this price range. Good for both programming and gaming. Also it arrived before the estimated date which is really good👍👍👍👍

Edit(after 3 days of use) - Battery not that good. If i keep the laptop open from 100%battery...it gets upto 80% within 10 mins. Also I was using VS Code and the battery drained from 100% to 40% in battery saver mode within 1 hour. OVERALL THIS LAPTOP IS A BEAST FOR THIS RANGE."
65,4,If you want a lowest budget gaming laptop then i would recommend this one as i got it in 45000 during big billion sale. If you are a gamer & want a lowest budget laptop with high specs then go for it but if your budget is good then you should go for other laptops. The working is perfect but when i purchased this one around a month my laptop adapter gone down & it took a week for a new one.
66,4,"If you are looking for a laptop for graphic intensive tasks like video editing , photoshop , playing heavy games then this is the best you can get under 50k for sure. Because this laptop has 6gb ram for graphics alone!

On the other hand if you want it for regular office work like browsing , streaming content , or making word and ppts then I would recommend you to go with an i3 laptop which will cost around 35k .

This thing is a beast and that's why it sucks that much juice. If you wont be u..."
67,5,"Looks surprisingly sleek for an entry level gaming laptop so it can be easily carried into professional environment as it doesn't have that flashy gamer body design but packs a punch under the hood. I'm very impressed by what this device is capable of. I've bought this mainly for college work and the GTX 1650 graphics card really enabled this machine to game as well as perform college tasks. The display isn't the greatest but for the price you're paying for this hardware, it's quite acceptabl..."
68,5,"Great laptop and meets upto the mark.
Played a few games like Valorant and Fortnite along with some heavy games including Witcher 3(got a constant 60 fps in Witcher 3) easily able to get more than 120 fps in Valorant and CSGO.The only problem is the battery life isn't that great.
I suggest you to play games with the charger connected. The screen is average though it is better than the rest. Writing this review after completing solid 6 months. You can buy if you are able to get this for 49-50k..."
69,5,Its just fab best budget friendly gaming laptop it works so smooth
70,5,"The best you can get, looks and performance both are to notch, supreme battery life, ultra fast speed. Display and sounds are fantastic, never seen any better till now. Till now it was, Apple was offering 7 at the price of 10, looks were alaways 10 out of 10 but now Apple is giving 15 at the price of 10.. Absolutely worth the price."
71,5,"My first Macbook and no regret that I waited for this.
Sleek design, lightning speed, super light weight and silent as a wolf.
If you want to have a laptop that is super cool in look as well as performance, go for it."
72,5,"Ultimate machine, best laptop I have ever used hands down. M1 macbook air is more powerful than any previous generation Mac or any Windows laptop. Awesome purchase. Thank you Flipkart"
73,5,"At the current scenario where a proper Graphics card windows laptop is costing around 1.2 lakh at a min.
This MacBook Air M1 is the best deal and I got it around 82k so I received the best deal.
So we can now say Apple Laptop is cheaper in price than Windows."
74,5,"Bought this laptop a week ago and I can say proudly that this is the best machine to date that I have used for my day-to-day tasks. Here are some pros and cons:

Pros:
* Blazing fast performance in every task that you throw at it.
* Insane battery life (14- 15 Hours) on a single charge.
* The Retina display with true tone technology gives you very natural colors which have support for the P3 color gamut.
* Instant wake up after sleep.
* The OS Ma Big Sur makes every task very smoothly.
* No t..."
75,4,"Great Laptop
Was almost about to buy an 360 touch laptop for 65k,glad i changed my decision and bought m1 air as this is more value for money.
No complains for normal usage.
If most performance is needed, mbp with 16gb Ram wud be the best, which is 50k more.
Too bad selling it for 75k(999usd) could have been a great deal to buy."
76,5,"About me (type of consumer):
moved from windows to Apple after 8 years !
Never buyed a laptop !

Best transition stage.

Being practical I always don't wanted to move to Apple instead going for windows in that or less price , but apple did its job ,this time not just the branding but the performance at its best .

Coder review :
Performance :
10/10
I used android studio , u can easily run the emulator ,no lag
From editing videos to multitaskig 30 apps at a time , M1 is the beat one mach..."
77,5,MacBook M1 Air is with good performance and fast
78,5,Wow 4k video editing in davinci resolve
79,4,Amazing Product ! Worth every single penny.
80,5,Screen is very good. Sound is very good. Performance is obviously very good. The laptop looks a bit delicate
81,5,It's best laptop in this price point and no body acn give you better laptop which can play gta 5 in normal settings in this price value
82,5,A really good laptop at a great price !
83,4,Good
84,5,"At this price range,the laptop was amazing ...
Performance was good ....🤗❤️"
85,5,"Laptop is very good, slim, light weight, very quick response because of SSD, battery backup is 5hrs.
Overall happy with this product, only one cons. Is internal storage is only 256 GB SSD."
86,5,"When I placed the order for this product, there were no reviews or ratings. I searched for the product on the internet & got to know that this is the latest release that's why there are no ratings or reviews.
After comparing ryzen 3 4300u processor with i3 10th generation processor, I ordered the laptop

Pros:
1. Very fast booting, literally 8 to 9 seconds only
2. Licensed copy of windows & ms office
3. Battery backup is awesome. I am literally getting more than 5hrs of backup while doing nor..."
87,5,One of the best in this price range..I have recently purchased the laptop after a lot of research. The laptop was delivered 2 days in advance. The look and feel of the laptop is very good. Its sleek. The functioning is smooth. Overall a very good Laptop
88,5,Best
89,4,Overall the laptop is good..except a bit week keyboard and not upto the mark screen but the performance is awesome... Just go for it
90,4,"Excellent value for the price.
So the laptop arrived after 3 days and was inside 3 boxes. Coming to the review:
8GB ram is a bit less, should definitely upgrade to 16GB. However, it has warranty sticker om top of one of the screws, so I don't know if you can upgrade it yourself. Acer service center will charge you 8k for the ram upgrade (P.S. - I personally went there and checked).
Coming to the laptop the hinges of the laptop rotate 180°, but are on the lose side if you compare it with other..."
91,5,"A really value for money purchase imo. Tried Shadow of Tomb Raider - got 60 fps at medium high.
Some pointers regarding the product:
1- it does not have a finger print sensor as it's 1650 counterpart
2- you may claim free games from Intel by googling ""softwareoffers Intel"" (this keeps changing regularly, currently cuphead, Cyclist, world of worships and Gear Tactics along with Trial version of Origin pass is being provided)
3- Download Geforce Experince from Nvidia's site for better optimisa..."
92,4,Waited four days for this laptop man! i5 9th gen paired with Gtx 1650ti performance is very good. Battery is sufficient. Gaming on this laptop is good can run anything. I was able to play game around 45mins -55mins on Battery(with Nvdia Battery 30fraps locked on) its works like a charm and is super silent but when u plug the power cable for better performance its gets hot while gaming but thts normal.Even the sound is more than good enough. Many says sound is not good but bro its more than go...
93,4,Acer aspire 7 is one of the best gaming laptop with affordable cost when compared with other gaming laptops GTA 5 goes butterly smooth without any lag you can play it with 1080 resolution. Screen of the laptop is Full HD display and it's awesome .Battery of the laptop is 4hrs with full brightness and with online . U can expand it but turning on battery saver and low brightness with 5hrs .but while gaming the battery lasts only for 1-2hrs. If battery not an issue u can better go with . The la...
94,5,"This laptop is pocket friendly for casual gamers.....we can say that it is the cheapest gaming laptop......the features are excellent for that price point......
The overall build quality is great, though it looks simple it is a beast in performance.
I have been using this laptop from past 20 days and have observed-
1. The display screen has a yellow tinge, but it's not a problem

2. The sound is a bit low.

3. There is a connectivity issue with this laptop and the TP- link router model no. T..."
95,3,"rating after 1 month use. Rate out of 5
Battery : 1.
After using one month, battery drain very fast even in best battery life mode.
Performance : 4
Even after nvidia graphic card sometimes it stuck in design software, otherwise performance is good.
Display : 4
Display is really good. But brightness is not good, who use low brightness in dark. Screen can open upto 180
Heating: 4
For all Gaming laptop upto Rs1.5 lakh heating is very common, so overall good in heating.
Body : 3
complete plasti..."
96,5,"Was worried a lot about buying a laptop on flipkart as this was my first time to order a huge amount... But I’m very happy. Fantastic Laptop in today’s Date.. Just go for it blindly. Some people says that Cooling system and speakers are bad. But i don’t think so.. That’s the best laptop in this budget. While playing GTA 5 , GPU temperature was about average 45-48 Celcius and CPU temperature was about Average 65-70 celcius and FPS was 60+ which was making buttery smooth experience. However you..."
97,5,"Recieved the product 2 dayS earlier thanks to flipkart.

Laptop is awesome at this price range

FHD IPS display is great

Fast as hell

I got 432Gb free to use

I5 I'd better that ryzen 5 in aspire 7

Only problem is:
only one ssd slot and speaker sound is low"
98,5,"I purchased this laptop on 18 February 2021, got delivered by 23 February 2021. Had to pick the laptop myself from the EKART hub, since delivery person couldn't take laptop for delivery.

Make sure to make a video while unboxing, so in case any damages to the product, you get easy replacement.

I unboxed, and alas, it was so beautiful. Make sure to check all the ports, usbs, any scratches or fingerprints. Now you may end the video making.

Plug into your charging, and on the laptop. SSD bo..."
99,5,"Amazing laptop having every required features ...cool design,backlit keyboard,8gb ram ,sufficient rom, really good cooling system and smooth response...for sure perfect for gaming and also for other non gaming works....maximum features in reasonable price ...a little heavy ...but as a gaming laptop this is not a big issue...go for it...and try to buy it in sale"
100,5,Outstanding
101,5,Excellent slim laptop with lightweight. Space saving.
102,5,Nice product and value for money vate budget laptop
103,5,I wrote this review after I used one day. What I think about this product it is same as that... Thnx Flipkart 🥰🥰
104,5,super but backlit is not working
105,5,Nice thank
106,5,Awesome laptop under 28000 I have purchased cod totally satisfied original product I lovd it
107,1,Over Heating
108,3,Draw back is keyboard light not having.... unsatisfied in night time using
109,5,"I Am Writing This Review After 7 Days Of Usage.

I Am Satisfied This Product.
🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟

- Design 10/10
- Battery 8/10
- Display 10/10
- Performance 8/10
- Camera 4/10
- Sound 6/10
- Software Experience 9/10

- Performance is Superb.
- Battery Backup Is 5-6 hour
- Fast Charging <<Full Charge :- 1.5 Hour>>
- Fast On & Off.
- But Sound Quality Is Average.
- Camera Quality Is Very Low."
110,5,"Good laptop with needful specifications.

Hard disk - 1 TB HDD
Ram - 8 gb
Finger print sensor - yes


Overall stylish and worth on this price range. Thanks flipkart"
111,4,Better for the price
112,5,Best laptop
113,5,"Design 10/10
Display 10/10
Performance 8/10"
114,5,Wow terrific
115,4,"Good choice under 45k. Since there is a SSD slot, can be upgraded easily."
116,5,"Good for money
Style good"
117,5,That's a amazing product..nice to purchase this lepi..
118,5,Very good
119,3,"Honest Review -
Pros :
Display is awesome
Finishing and in hand feel too good
Fast boost several 5 second
Camera is average
Light weight maximum 1.34kg

Cons :
Battery is fast draing , i have used it continue 40 mins approx battery is getting too fast drain
Camera is not good
Sound is also poor than mobile"
120,5,"Satisfactory
If you want to use laptop for tasks like online classes,ms office and social media than you can go for this laptop.
Pros-:
Best display
Build quality is also good
Good battery backup
Boot time(due to ssd)

Cons-:
Sound(not bad but you can say average)

Again it’s not a gaming laptop. If you don’t want to do heavy tasks on laptop then you can go for it. It has the best build and display among the other laptops in this price range."
121,5,"* I was looking for a laptop that is having best build quality because in long term you will see its benefit. I have other laptops used in the past but because of low build quality, they are of no use now. Their hinges break, base panel broke because of multiple times maintenance. However, they are still helpful but this happens within 3 year. I believe if laptop doesn't break then we can pass it to younger children in future.
* Easy to carry.
* Made up of high quality plastic/alloy that feel..."
122,3,"product looks a bit fragile
your parents dont know this brand so you know a lot of taane if it doesnt works for long
display is small
you cant refund it
battery seemed good at first but it can even hold discord for 5 hrs
camera is so so
usb port is tight


im gonna use this for long so hope for best"
123,5,"Very seamless performance, instant boot and reboot, best display and backlit keyboard is a bonus. Bought it for productivity use very satisfied with the product. Best laptop in this segment."
124,5,Wow supperb vale for money
125,5,Working Smoothly
126,5,Nice product
127,4,"Perfect machine ...can do easily your daily office work, multitasking, light gaming, with good battery backup, build quality is good, but sound quality just up to Mark"
128,5,Super excellent
129,5,"I received this laptop today....

And it is very awesome purchase at this price....
People are saying that display is very Bad...Yes display is not ips but it is very good Display....
Vertical viewing angle are not so good....But at certain angel it looks fabulous....
You can adjust Brightness of screen in AMD Redion app....

Performance is very Good....It is probably double faster than Intel i5 10210 processor....

Battery is Very good.... Charging plug is very lose....But i will be managed
..."
130,5,"Performance with the ryzen 5 4000 series is top notch(performance of i7 at a price less than that of i5)
512gb ssd is blazing fast
Boot up is literally 2 seconds
Also with the dual channel ram at 3200mhz nothing more to ask for
Just that if you are used to 15.6 in screen then this 14in will seem to be pretty small though you will get used to it
Build quality is good and display is also good
Brightness is little low"
131,5,"I am writing this review after 8 days of extensive usage .. I bought this laptop primarily for programming .. and it won't be a good choice to consider this laptop for heavy gaming..

Battery backup is excellent, more than expected around 7 to 8 hrs on internet surfing and multitasking (programming included) , might be higher upto 10 hrs without internet.. charging time is also decent .. usually 2 to 2.5 hrs from 0 to 100 .

CPU performance is excellent.. hexa core coupled with 3200 MHz R..."
132,5,"I CAN PLAY GAMES LIKE VALORANT, WARFRAME, at 60 fps stable
Video editing , Autocad software
Light weight laptop
Fast multitasking
I like it working so smooth nd fast
But after 1 mnthmy display not working"
133,5,"Excellent product
Bought it for around 43k on big billion days
Better than any of the laptops at this price point.
Ram is not upgradable but it doesn't bother me because i bought it for coding
Display is bright enough for indoors
Also has an additional ssd slot which can also be occupied by hdd."
134,5,"Good product. Awesome performance. Boots in 5 seconds. FP scanner is snappy. Speakers are pretty good. Graphics seems to be vega6 and not R3 based on benchmark scores.
Display is also good for normal use scenarios. Unless you have to run programmes which requires high color accuracy its totally ok to go for this. Not great, but good.
If you do a lot of video conference in laptop this may not be for you. Webcam is very poor.
Overall it's a great one at this price point.

Note: In my unit c..."
135,4,"very good experience

Warranty: Always go to asus india store soon after buying this. Offers for 1 year / 2 year extended warranty will be over wthin 2 weeks of purchase date.

Display: With 1920x1080 resolution on a 14 inch screen, I feared text will be tiny and unreadable. But with Windows 10's text and app scaling at 150% I dont feel any difference from my 24inch desktop monitor for normal office work and web browsing.
Since the screen borders (left and right) are thin, the restrictiveness..."
136,5,The Laptop is working fine. Thank you ASUS for this. Flipkart thank you for delivering it as soon as possible and making such good thing available.
137,5,"Amazing product!! The battery backup is great..getting 8-10 hours in battery saving mode and normal usage.. heavy usage will get you 4-5 hours..

The processing power is amazing.. recommend you to go for Ryzen 4000 series with extra spending rather than 3000 series..

Display is average...but companies like HP also offers the same display at 40 k range...but good amount of settings that u will like..

Boot up time is fast..takes around 5 seconds in average..

Go for it...try to get it at 46k.."
138,5,This laptop is very cool! It has got all the specs required for a students and office person.Its light weight and looks very premium in this price. Ryzen is great and SSD is also superb in it. Performance is great and the screen is quite average but good enough for daily use. If you are student then you must definately go for it. Must Buy!
139,5,"Superb Built quality , finish , battery life and performance...I would say best touch screen laptop in this range..It is not mentioned in product details but it comes with Stylus pen...which is very nice .... Overall I would say Value for money...Got it with offers for Rs 54,000"
140,5,"I have been using it for the past 10 days and it is a superfast machine.

Pros:
Ryzen processor is top class and is super quick.
Build quality is top notch and it is quite stylish and has an elegant look.
Battery backup of this is second to none. U can use it for like 8-10 hours at full computing.
Fingerprint Scanner is quite good and not even once I faced any issue with that.
A lot of talk about display being poor but it is quite good and for normal use, it is quite sufficient and enough.
..."
141,4,One backdrop is the screen brightness only 250 nits
142,5,The best in the series!
143,5,"It’s a great value for money. Good performance, looks and very versatile. Sound is also good."
144,4,All is good but I feel ..its wifi range is low...if anybody feels the same please reply
145,5,"Awesome product. I never thought AMD is this powerful. I can almost perform all of my tasks.
Due to touch screen the display is glossy which creates a mirror like reflection at outdoors, this is the only CON observed so far."
146,5,Very nice and outstanding laptop at this price...
147,5,"Amazed to have this laptop. It has a great design, good battery backup and fabulous display. Sound is sufficient to watch videos at your desk. It is pretty slick than what we were expecting, very much similar to high end hp laptops (spectre, elitebook, etc.). After a days use, can say I3 11th generation processor working just fine for normal laptop uses like content streaming, web browsing, etc."
148,5,"The delivery was superfast by Flipkart. The packaging was very good. The laptop looks awesome, with its metallic aluminium finish, lovely island style backlit keyboard, great tab mode, strong hinge. The resolution is pretty good, boot up time low and touchscreen is responsive.

Over all initial experience is pretty good, will give a detailed review later."
149,4,"Awesome and ultra stylish laptop in current generation,
.Display was excellent
.Touch was fine
.i3 11 gen processor was ok for normal usage guy like me.
.should talk about the sound quality, never expected that much louder in any laptop, very much impressive…

JUST GO WITH IT"
150,4,"Fast bootup, Great Screen and lighter than other laptop. . Note they have not included Pen in the package , should have been part of the package"
151,5,Nice
152,4,"This is genuine hp product, covered under 1yr onsite warranty. Comes with MS Windows 10 home single language edition and MS office 2019 home & student edition with lifetime validity. Smooth performance, slim design, metal finish, average battery life.Great for normal use."
153,3,Just ok
154,4,If stylus pen is shown here in pic it should be given with laptop.Its missing.After contact concern persons they said stylus pen is not written in description.If it is not mentioned in description then why it is shown in pic. Otherwise rest of the things are very good . Excellent quality of speaker s.
155,5,Nice laptop ... Just buy it don't think too much
156,5,"Amazing product at this price point..great looks, amazing touchscreen, lag free running. Great value for money👌👍"
157,4,"Here is my honest review after couple of weeks.

PROS:
1) Specs. i7 10750h with RTX2060 is a deal breaker.
2) The GPU(RTX2060) is the latest one, i.e 115Watts. Which means it has better performance than previous RTX 2060
3) Per Key RGB keyboard by Steel Series is just fabulous.
4) MSI dragon centre application. This app has many features including overclock for GPU, set maximum charge capacity of the battery so the battery doesn't wear out if you use the laptop always plugged in.
5) The mothe..."
158,5,"Absolutely great performance laptop at this price range.

Awesome display and has great audio quality even tho the speakers aren't that loud.

Are we talking about laptop web cams? NVM.

Here comes the main topic/issue.. Device thermals!!

Yeah you heard right... This beast can reach around 80-85°C with max continuous performance.

You can control it with power management to CPU by keeping its performance limited to 99% :P . You can see around 65-75°C with cooler boost either on/off.

The bes..."
159,5,"1. Solid build. Feels sturdy. No screen flex. The laptop looks pure matt black beast.

2. Per key rgb is a treat to eyes. Each key can be customised through software like depending on game u r playing or can be customised to show audio spectrum, etc.

3. Performance is top notch (especially gpu). Unigine heaven benchmark score is wooping high of 4211 in custom mode and 2062 in untra/extreme conditions.

4. Fans are powerful though a little noisy. The laptop remains cool through intense gam..."
160,5,"Best laptop for high end gaming and content creators
It is ultra smooth but heating is an issue well fans do their job well make it comfort in room temperature

Talking about display it give about 65% ntsc
Speaker quality too good
But battery backup is. a little low but for this performance it is not a big thing

Overall it is a good choice
For keralaits authorized service only available in cochin well that's a con"
161,5,"Fantabulous purchase. Everything's fine. RetailNet is trustworthy. AFTER 2 DAYS OF USE, here are my reviews--

Firstly, I must say that RetailNet sold me a genuine product, no fake component has been found so far. It came with all the promised softwares with 144 Hz display. So, I am fully satisfied with the buying perspective.

Secondly, you guys all know how this laptop performs from a gaming perspective, but there is another thing which most of the reviewers missed which is IT'S METAL BODY...."
162,4,"Tested this beaut on various AAA titles(RDR2, HZD, Apex etc.) on High settings(not ultra) giving 70+ fps throughout without thermal throttling.
Gaming mode is effective and keeps thermal down, although fan sound is a bit noticeable(With headset its okay).
The only con I felt about this laptop is the placement of speakers and cheap plastic used for bottom panel in comparison to top panel.
Would have been a steal deal if the exact variant is available without SteelSeries RBG keyboard as not all..."
163,4,"Pros:
1.Since it has RTX 2060, you don't have to worry about performance.
2. It has 7 heat pipes, 2 fans, 3 airflow vents and a external button for cooler boost fans which will dissipate the heat in 10 sec.
3. The display is great when you tweak with the contrast and colors in intel command center.
4. The battery life is fine when you use it to work or surf the internet (3-4 hrs).
5. The per-key RGB keyboard is astonishing aand allows you to customize it completely.
6. The camera is not bad b..."
164,4,"I had some issues with the delivery but anyways, I've only used it for a while and so far performance is great. Specs are amazing for its price range. The color display is really good too and I love the per key rgb keyboard. But honestly the battery is pretty bad."
165,5,"The laptop was awesome and is suitable for high performance gaming. it has been 20 days since my purchase and it was excellent.the only concern is the battery life. I strongly suggest please use dedicated user modes in msi dragon centre for the best user experience .the percentage of battery decrease very drastically for games when gaming mode is not enabled
When using for productivity please choose super battery or custom mode.The graphics card with this laptop is very good I have tested ga..."
166,5,"First of all, MSI has been great with after sale service. I have asked many questions on their Instagram DM and they habe responded very quickly with the solutions. Second, the laptop feels like you have paid one and a quarter lakh for it. I am able to run Forza Horizon 4 at 144fps on Balanced mode. So the Extreme performance is rarely used for me. By this you can understand how much powerful it is. And the fan is very quiet in Balanced mode which is a plus point. Only issue is that the power..."
167,5,"Light weight sleek design easy to carry.

Comes with windows 10 operating system along with norton antivirus 1 year subscription preinstalled.
Office 364 is pre installed with 1 month free option but post one one month one need to purchase and one has to provide the credit card no.

Alternately one may use his Microsoft login information to keep using office online but files would be stored in Microsoft's cloud namely onedrive and not in the laptop's hard disk.
A third alternativ..."
168,5,"I was worried about the performance of this device, but after using it for a day it has surpassed my expectations. Performs really well with normal office use and games like minecraft. If you don't do video editing and hardcore gaming this is the best choice. The display is too good for the price. You'll also be able to play 4k videos. Build quality is good and it looks cute and small."
169,4,Laptop design is really slick weight is less and perfect to work on a lap. Sound is poor.Display quality is good.
170,4,"Used the device for one day: until now no issues with the Laptop; SSD is unbelievably fast; i3 10th gen is just that i3 10th gen, don't expect too much performance from this device; the screen is gorgeous; design is superb; speaker audio is a bit low quality but on headphones/earphones audio quality is decent; battery life better than expected (around 6-7 hrs on medium to high usage); trackpad is decent enough but not anything exceptional... Will update my review from time to time! Stay tuned..."
171,4,Good product for value.
172,5,nice laptop … i buy only for surfing and office work no lag issue battery backup 7 hrs 😊😊
173,4,Nice
174,5,Super looking good quality
175,5,Its a fabolous product value for money got it for 35140 with sbi card great go for it... If u r worrying for ms office u can get it at 700 from any online stores in facebook.
176,5,Nice products
177,5,Best budget laptop with gtx1650ti to play heavy games with easy more than 60fps and with ssd it boots up within 4-5 secs. I play valorant and get 150fps easily with competitive settings. It's a great budget gaming laptop you won't be disappointed with it at this price
178,4,"I was a little sceptical about the display but it is a great display. performance and thermals are good too, get a crucial 16gb ram stick and you are good to go
the speaker is a little underwhelming but that is the case with every laptop. I will recommend buying 2 years extended warranty via shopacer just for the peace of mind
buy this ryzen 5 version because its a 12nm processor and offers just a little extra battery life compared to the intel counterpart. overall a great purchase"
179,4,"A 3rd gen Ryzen, GTX 1650Ti( GDDR6 ), 8 GB Ram, 512GB storage and an full HD screen, If these are the primary specs you want in your Laptop this
laptop has got you covered in 50-55k range.
This laptop is good for gaming on medium settings and a little bit of light editing. Thermals are good depending on usage, my usage is limited to only for ms office work, some photo editing on photoshop and little bit of coding. In a day2day usage this laptop has everything. The side bezels are thin which ..."
180,5,"Excellent product and definitely worth more than the price. Getting a GTX 1650 Ti in 4 GB graphics and many other features makes this a blinder to go for. I'm a college student and I use this for software simulation and E-learning purpose. I've been using this for a week now. The backlit keyboard ( which many of the competitors do not provide at this range) , 48Whr 3 cell battery with 135W fast charging adapter, ETHERNET jack, AMD Ryzen 5 3550H processor , 8 GB ram expandable upto 32 GB and ..."
181,5,"I was bit sceptical on purchase of this costly Laptop kind of electronic item online.but gave a shot and I must say the product arrived before the date given and packed properly.

The product was absolutely in perfect condition,and working. The seal wasn't broken and seller ensured every thing was intact in package as per the Laptop Company. Acer.

The laptop is great as I am using past one week.
The processor Ryzen5 , Nvidia 1650ti and a solid built laptop by acer and that too a reasonable p..."
182,4,"Following Review is based on 35 days of recurrent use for Gaming and Other Complex computation purposes.
+After 2 months of patience and rigorous research for a budget laptop, I found this to be the only one packed with 4 Gigs VRAM, 8 Gigs of RAM which is easily the minimum requirement for most of the PC Games. And yes, Most of them run silky smooth with over 35 Fps on Medium to High Graphics Preset. I tired, Witcher 3, GTA5, Dyling Light, Just Cause 4, Watch Dogs 2 also simulators like Train..."
183,5,"Awesome laptop. Price to performance

Pros:
1. Lightening fast performance in gaming and other tasks. Play older games from 2015 at ultra settings and new games on medium to high at 50-60fps.
2.backlight keyboard
3. Camera is good for video call

Cons:
1. Battery is not up to the mark
2. Sound is super low
3. Screen is not vibrant but good for this price

Note: please play games with charging on. DO NOT use laptop on bed or couch because it would resist airflow and will lead to hardware issues."
184,5,"first of all very fast delivery by flipkart received in 2 days
amazing speed
Good design does not look like a heavy gaming laptop although it is a gaming laptop
Graphics 1650Ti is brilliant at this price point
boots in less than 5 seconds
white backlit keyboard is soothing
screen rotates 180℃"
185,5,"Arrived on time. Packaging was good. With the ssd, average boot time is 4-5sec. Display is pretty well and gives at lest 100fps in max settings on games like Valorant. Really satisfied with the product👍🏻"
186,4,"Good laptop for average use .gaming not tested . available storage is only 415 out of 475gb,you have to buy external hard disk to store some information.buid quality is not much impressive but ok .over all good buying"
187,5,"Amazing laptop for the price. Pretty slim and the knurling on surfaces give it a tough look. Hard to make scratches. Comes with Windows 10 and Office 2019 pre installed. Although display is LED may seem a tad lighter. But all said and done perfectly suited if you are looking for a budget laptop for home use, online classes etc."
188,5,"Thanks Hp, thanks flipkart nice and perfect item, performance display battery touch pad with decent design. Go for it immediately for personal and students study work. Thanks to All team from manufacturer to delivery boy..."
189,5,"If you are buying a laptop for heavy gaming or for using heavy editing application then you should not buy this. But if you are a student or you are a working employee, this laptop fits perfectly in both the categories. A thin and light body with jet black colour and amazing configuration of 8gb DDR4 RAM with 256 gb of SSD will give you a smooth eye catching experience. The only thing where it lacks is his display quality. Otherwise its amazingly perfect."
190,4,Build quality is not that great. I would recommend every user to buy additional keyboard and mouse in order to improve the productivity because I feel the keypad might be damaged due to continuous typing. Battery life is around 4-5 hrs. on continuous usage. WiFi connectivity is blazing fast(support for 2.4 and 5Ghz bands). Overall a good product for students and office users who use this product for conference calls and basic productivity like Office. Don't expect heavy usage like heavy gamin...
191,5,"I think under such reasonable price this is best mobile and
The configuration and performance is good , very fine and light weight laptop .I am using this laptop for last few days and doesn't find any demerits .Thus i recommend please buy this laptop as its cheap and best laptop ."
192,4,"Laptop is booting fast and good point it has free Microsoft office .
As of now happy with purchase.

1 star deducted because delivery was delayed."
193,5,works quite fast . satisfactory display. sound is fine. i am satisfied buying this laptop.
194,5,"Simply awesome 👌 look .
Display is good as price worth
14inch I liked more than 15.6inch..because good look,eassy to carry and less wait..
Battery is ok .ok.kind off
Performance is medium ..we can't expect much for gaming.. else I am not much interested to play games..
If playing games then you can go for i5 processor in the same varient 🙂
Ram is 8 gb that's great in this price range.."
195,4,"After using 3 months, i used only for online classes not for gaming.
Starts&ready to use in just 4 seconds, shut down in 3 seconds.
Battery works more than 9 hours working at single task.
If you use more than 3 tasks fan starts it self, little noice
Display is good.
Sound output excellent.
Pre installed hp support.
It has type c port .
I don't know more about Microsoft office but working with out any extra purchase... you get 180 gb usable ssd .. for study & movies only purpose 256 gb enou..."
196,4,Good Product with this price range. After long reasearch I have bought this laptop. Only plus point is SSD but 512 is more preferable than 256 SSD. Otherwise good laptop.
197,5,Nice design and battery backup is too good......but in the case of sound quality I give 2/5 star rating ....bcz sound is not to loud...other wise this is a premium and value of money product 5/5 rating .....I recommend you all too....Thanks again flipkart....🥰
198,5,Unique
199,5,Nice laptop go for it
200,5,"very nice product
awesome
must buy"
201,5,Very good product .
202,5,Best thin and light laptop.
203,1,Don't buy laptop flipkart with in one week I have problem my laptop don't waste money not working speaker and os and all
204,5,This is the best phone is this price I really like this phone . And also the camera quality is not too bad it is enough good at this price point. I will also put a Camera sample and I sure you like it.😍😍😍.
205,5,"Value for money.
I loved this mobile,It was just like narzo 20 but the camera of narzo 20 was pretty good,it is a good phone at this price range but some changes can make this phone more better than now,like fhd+ display or a good camera setup but is quite still a pretty mobile.

It's design was so attractive with a new look, overall the phone is good.
I hope you understand it.😃😀"
206,5,"Nice product.
Very fast and good delivery of product by delivery boy Vishal Kumar.
5 stars from my side."
207,5,"Better to Go for Redmi note 10 if you can wait for some days but note that one things xiaomi flash sell is pathetic booking phone's on that is equal to wining war.
This phone is good but when you comparing it to others phones like redmi note 10 then its not a values for money...
Major cons
1. Camera's is below average
2. Display is only 720p and its ips guy's
3. 20w charging"
208,1,"Not an impressive product. Display is a let down. Camera quality is below average compared to any other mobile in same price range. Battery backup is good but mobile takes 3 hours for full charge.

Screen is getting stuck often. Basic apps like Twitter don't function without hanging (Don't know if this is only with my mobile or for all others)

This is my experience after using mobile for 10 days. Tried all sorts to get a replacement but didn't happen. Not recommended unless you're only look..."
209,5,"Relame narzo30a nice
Battery quality perfect 🥰🥰🥰
Display size super 🥰🥰
I am happy thank you flipkart 🥰🥰🥰"
210,4,I m so happy by buying this product of 4GB 64GB.i buy laser black it's very good I m so happy. It is also made for simple and best for gaming. In my review buy this
211,3,"Don't buy it if you prefer for good camera, camera is poor but If u play free fire, this is good in low budget."
212,5,Very good phone. X-tal clear photo even low light / during night with normal light. Good battery life. Superfine display and nice interface. Plenty of storage and seemless functioning of apps may be because of processor and RAM. Happy and satisfied
213,5,It's a great budget phone. The battery backup is great and the performance is also good. The camera is good for this price range. Overall it's a value for money.
214,5,"Best budget smartphone with Realme clean ui, gifted for my dad, he liked it very much. Just go for it in budget category."
215,5,"Best phone in this price range.
1) good manageable camera
2) awesome battery life
3) superb performance at this price
4) very smooth software experience
5) bright display as compare to old realme phone
I give ⭐⭐⭐⭐ star
-1 star for camera.. camera should be more impo"
216,5,"Good mobile camera was nice picture quality is awesome this price range
And battery 🔋 was super display is big watch the is good experience and net is working fast properly overall mobile is good"
217,5,"Battery 🔋 :- 10/10 to good battery ⭐⭐⭐
Camera 📷 :- 7/10 front camera 10/10
G85 :- 8/10 some time Stop in gaming (call of duty )and I feel normal heat problem
Display :- realme narzo 30a is a good display compare to other phones like redmi 9 prime, poco m2 etc
Overall : - 8/10 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐"
218,5,"This phone is the best low Budget phone i have ever seen...I dont usually play games though it is a budget gaming phone...camera is avg , storage is less but can be increased ...super smooth performance. I am a student and this phone is very good for me...."
219,4,Very good performance gift from brothers she is very happy this product thank you Flipkart very fast delivery thank you
220,5,A budget phone with G85 chipset is definitely a great bargain. There's no lag in the phone in day to day task. The display although not 1080p is really crisp and bright and good enough for watching movies. For the price it is selling for it's a good bargain.
221,5,"Very good mobile. Battery was very good.performance is great. Camera is ok ok. Very comfortable in hand. I travel a lot this mobile is comfortable to me. This hd+ screen and 6000mah battery combination is given battery life amazing. Am satisfied. Network signals and call quality is very good. This mobile value for money. Am not a hard core gamer, gaming experience is great. Overall good package"
222,5,Superb camera. Awesome screen. 3gb ram. Good processor. Excellent battery backup. Overall stunning phone in a budget.
223,5,Awesome product is very well smooth for free fire
224,5,"Best budget smartphone with Realme clean ui, gifted for my dad, he liked it very much. Just go for it in budget category."
225,5,"Best phone in this price range.
1) good manageable camera
2) awesome battery life
3) superb performance at this price
4) very smooth software experience
5) bright display as compare to old realme phone
I give ⭐⭐⭐⭐ star
-1 star for camera.. camera should be more impo"
226,5,"Good mobile camera was nice picture quality is awesome this price range
And battery 🔋 was super display is big watch the is good experience and net is working fast properly overall mobile is good"
227,5,"Battery 🔋 :- 10/10 to good battery ⭐⭐⭐
Camera 📷 :- 7/10 front camera 10/10
G85 :- 8/10 some time Stop in gaming (call of duty )and I feel normal heat problem
Display :- realme narzo 30a is a good display compare to other phones like redmi 9 prime, poco m2 etc
Overall : - 8/10 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐"
228,5,"This phone is the best low Budget phone i have ever seen...I dont usually play games though it is a budget gaming phone...camera is avg , storage is less but can be increased ...super smooth performance. I am a student and this phone is very good for me...."
229,4,Very good performance gift from brothers she is very happy this product thank you Flipkart very fast delivery thank you
230,5,A budget phone with G85 chipset is definitely a great bargain. There's no lag in the phone in day to day task. The display although not 1080p is really crisp and bright and good enough for watching movies. For the price it is selling for it's a good bargain.
231,5,"Very good mobile. Battery was very good.performance is great. Camera is ok ok. Very comfortable in hand. I travel a lot this mobile is comfortable to me. This hd+ screen and 6000mah battery combination is given battery life amazing. Am satisfied. Network signals and call quality is very good. This mobile value for money. Am not a hard core gamer, gaming experience is great. Overall good package"
232,5,Superb camera. Awesome screen. 3gb ram. Good processor. Excellent battery backup. Overall stunning phone in a budget.
233,5,Awesome product is very well smooth for free fire
234,5,This is the best phone is this price I really like this phone . And also the camera quality is not too bad it is enough good at this price point. I will also put a Camera sample and I sure you like it.😍😍😍.
235,5,"Value for money.
I loved this mobile,It was just like narzo 20 but the camera of narzo 20 was pretty good,it is a good phone at this price range but some changes can make this phone more better than now,like fhd+ display or a good camera setup but is quite still a pretty mobile.

It's design was so attractive with a new look, overall the phone is good.
I hope you understand it.😃😀"
236,5,"Nice product.
Very fast and good delivery of product by delivery boy Vishal Kumar.
5 stars from my side."
237,5,"Better to Go for Redmi note 10 if you can wait for some days but note that one things xiaomi flash sell is pathetic booking phone's on that is equal to wining war.
This phone is good but when you comparing it to others phones like redmi note 10 then its not a values for money...
Major cons
1. Camera's is below average
2. Display is only 720p and its ips guy's
3. 20w charging"
238,1,"Not an impressive product. Display is a let down. Camera quality is below average compared to any other mobile in same price range. Battery backup is good but mobile takes 3 hours for full charge.

Screen is getting stuck often. Basic apps like Twitter don't function without hanging (Don't know if this is only with my mobile or for all others)

This is my experience after using mobile for 10 days. Tried all sorts to get a replacement but didn't happen. Not recommended unless you're only look..."
239,5,"Relame narzo30a nice
Battery quality perfect 🥰🥰🥰
Display size super 🥰🥰
I am happy thank you flipkart 🥰🥰🥰"
240,4,I m so happy by buying this product of 4GB 64GB.i buy laser black it's very good I m so happy. It is also made for simple and best for gaming. In my review buy this
241,3,"Don't buy it if you prefer for good camera, camera is poor but If u play free fire, this is good in low budget."
242,5,Very good phone. X-tal clear photo even low light / during night with normal light. Good battery life. Superfine display and nice interface. Plenty of storage and seemless functioning of apps may be because of processor and RAM. Happy and satisfied
243,5,It's a great budget phone. The battery backup is great and the performance is also good. The camera is good for this price range. Overall it's a value for money.
244,5,"Thankyou Redmi,

Feeling Lucky to buy this product in First selling day itself. Delivered within two days....


Product is awesome... Value for money...
Camera is giving Sufficient performance for 13mp...
Bathery also Working amazing performance..

Note-Redmi is not providing any transparent case, Screen guard ...."
245,4,Good mobile ...I loved it and Thank you flipkart n delivery person mr Pardeep bhai ..he is always good behaviour person...❤️❤️
246,5,"It is an good phone ever i see, but it have only one problem
For safety the network will be slow,but ever it is good product and value for money and good for gaming and
Camera perfectly ok, hd display and 64gb rom"
247,5,"Nice very super product and nice performance
Battery backup nice"
248,5,To be completely honest this is not the best phone out there because there's always a bigger fish but this is the most okay-ish phone in my opinion but i'll give it 5 stars anyway because it works great. It lacks front camera quality and fingerprint sensor but I don't take any pictures and I don't need perfect security anyway. All I need is good performance and it's working fine after a couple of months. Totally worth your money.👌👌👌
249,5,"Nice mobile, good battery backup, camera satisfactory, display is awesome, sound quality satisfactory, nice internet speed. Best mobile at this range. Highly recommended"
250,4,"I've bought this for my parents, overall phone is good. But Redmi has used one camera, atleast they should have used a decent one but no, the camera is below average. My 2 year old Redmi 6 has better camera then this otherwise performance is good. My recommendation is don't go for Realme Narzo 20a, cause the 32 gb fills up immediately and the realme ui is also not as polished as MIUI. You can choose between this and Poco C3."
251,4,Very good product everything is fine camera is not good I think everything all good thank you for Flipkart thank you for delivery boy thanks for all library
252,3,"Writing this review after 4 months of purchase - 4gb 128gb varient. :- A value for money product ,but performance wise is a little slow,because of helio G25 processor ,if it had snapdragon processor itt would work much efficiently..camera is below average ,battery backup is amazing.. So if you dont do much of work and if you want it for your parents then its good ,but if you are a student then you can try some other option ..."
253,5,Mi 9i is good no loss it is very good mobile any one can take this it's very good I am happy thank you
254,5,it is nice product from flipcart.super and fast delivery.i am enjoying the smart phone.the delivery boy was very calm and talked politely to me.
255,5,Nice phone with affordable price. Battery very powerful. Charges quick. If someone looking for an affordable mobile with loaded features this is the one. Oppo all the way.
256,3,"If you really want a fast charging phone, this one is not for you. Fast charging phones are Vooc based and above 20W. Oppo A53 (128G) is taking around 3hrs to fully charge. Rest all features are okayish in all brands today like Mi, Oppo, Realme. I bought a Moto one action last year (128G) and cheaper than this but trust me Moto is better compare to this Oppo A53 in terms of app responsiveness and AI."
257,5,Best product
258,4,Nice phone
259,5,"Very nice 👍👍👍
Or Phone looking is Best"
260,5,Best value best phone 🤳
261,5,Overall phone is good...
262,5,Nice mobile.. 👌
263,5,Nice
264,5,Nice phone. Worth a money. At this price point what else can you ask for? .. Thanks Redmi.. I found some interesting features in the camera. Nice Disply and it's fast indeed. Battery life is pretty good. Overall it's decent smarty..
265,5,I liked this phone as much as I can praise it. and tha phone is very very good colour thanks you very much Flipkart 💝🙃😘
266,4,I am using this phone for three days. Speed is good 👍👍 display is cool with a waterdrop notch. Good backup battery. For a budget phone i hada great experience.
267,5,Nice phone iba very happy camer is good I like it Redmi 9 power
268,4,As usual value for money device.. one thing that attracts me the most is Stereo speakers.. Awesome sound quality.. FHD+ Display is so nice and 6000mH battery as well.. Decent product from Redmi. Go for it Camera quality also decent 🙂
269,4,Quality wise good. Good performance of the prize. Cam quality was good what ever it as simply awsome.. 😇😘
270,4,"Very Good Product. Everything is Good. Best part is battery which is long durable. It could be much better if
having-
Camera: Some features more Zoom features, require high megapixel for front camera.
Procesor: Slightly lower

But interm of value for money, it is very Good Product."
271,5,"Set is superb and the person who delivered it to me is very nice and trying to make customer valuable by his work ,he delivered it to me on time.thank you 😊"
272,4,"Overall good but if you are a camera lover than this is not good for you
Battery is like 4000 mh
And yes heating issue when you use afternoon time and also while charging it's heating I will give 7 out of 10"
273,5,"It's a good phone at the price point but you will be slightly disappointed with front camera but considering the price point it's a good deal I am really loving the experience of the performance of the phone even the finger print sensor is also has no great delay and display is excellent
Over all it's a good phone at the price"
274,5,Nice phone. Worth a money. At this price point what else can you ask for? .. Thanks Redmi.. I found some interesting features in the camera. Nice Disply and it's fast indeed. Battery life is pretty good. Overall it's decent smarty..
275,5,I liked this phone as much as I can praise it. and tha phone is very very good colour thanks you very much Flipkart 💝🙃😘
276,4,I am using this phone for three days. Speed is good 👍👍 display is cool with a waterdrop notch. Good backup battery. For a budget phone i hada great experience.
277,5,Nice phone iba very happy camer is good I like it Redmi 9 power
278,4,As usual value for money device.. one thing that attracts me the most is Stereo speakers.. Awesome sound quality.. FHD+ Display is so nice and 6000mH battery as well.. Decent product from Redmi. Go for it Camera quality also decent 🙂
279,4,Quality wise good. Good performance of the prize. Cam quality was good what ever it as simply awsome.. 😇😘
280,4,"Very Good Product. Everything is Good. Best part is battery which is long durable. It could be much better if
having-
Camera: Some features more Zoom features, require high megapixel for front camera.
Procesor: Slightly lower

But interm of value for money, it is very Good Product."
281,5,"Set is superb and the person who delivered it to me is very nice and trying to make customer valuable by his work ,he delivered it to me on time.thank you 😊"
282,4,"Overall good but if you are a camera lover than this is not good for you
Battery is like 4000 mh
And yes heating issue when you use afternoon time and also while charging it's heating I will give 7 out of 10"
283,5,"It's a good phone at the price point but you will be slightly disappointed with front camera but considering the price point it's a good deal I am really loving the experience of the performance of the phone even the finger print sensor is also has no great delay and display is excellent
Over all it's a good phone at the price"
284,5,"Thankyou Redmi,

Feeling Lucky to buy this product in First selling day itself. Delivered within two days....


Product is awesome... Value for money...
Camera is giving Sufficient performance for 13mp...
Bathery also Working amazing performance..

Note-Redmi is not providing any transparent case, Screen guard ...."
285,4,Good mobile ...I loved it and Thank you flipkart n delivery person mr Pardeep bhai ..he is always good behaviour person...❤️❤️
286,5,"It is an good phone ever i see, but it have only one problem
For safety the network will be slow,but ever it is good product and value for money and good for gaming and
Camera perfectly ok, hd display and 64gb rom"
287,5,"Nice very super product and nice performance
Battery backup nice"
288,5,To be completely honest this is not the best phone out there because there's always a bigger fish but this is the most okay-ish phone in my opinion but i'll give it 5 stars anyway because it works great. It lacks front camera quality and fingerprint sensor but I don't take any pictures and I don't need perfect security anyway. All I need is good performance and it's working fine after a couple of months. Totally worth your money.👌👌👌
289,5,"Nice mobile, good battery backup, camera satisfactory, display is awesome, sound quality satisfactory, nice internet speed. Best mobile at this range. Highly recommended"
290,4,"I've bought this for my parents, overall phone is good. But Redmi has used one camera, atleast they should have used a decent one but no, the camera is below average. My 2 year old Redmi 6 has better camera then this otherwise performance is good. My recommendation is don't go for Realme Narzo 20a, cause the 32 gb fills up immediately and the realme ui is also not as polished as MIUI. You can choose between this and Poco C3."
291,4,Very good product everything is fine camera is not good I think everything all good thank you for Flipkart thank you for delivery boy thanks for all library
292,3,"Writing this review after 4 months of purchase - 4gb 128gb varient. :- A value for money product ,but performance wise is a little slow,because of helio G25 processor ,if it had snapdragon processor itt would work much efficiently..camera is below average ,battery backup is amazing.. So if you dont do much of work and if you want it for your parents then its good ,but if you are a student then you can try some other option ..."
293,5,Mi 9i is good no loss it is very good mobile any one can take this it's very good I am happy thank you
294,5,Nice phone. Worth a money. At this price point what else can you ask for? .. Thanks Redmi.. I found some interesting features in the camera. Nice Disply and it's fast indeed. Battery life is pretty good. Overall it's decent smarty..
295,5,I liked this phone as much as I can praise it. and tha phone is very very good colour thanks you very much Flipkart 💝🙃😘
296,4,I am using this phone for three days. Speed is good 👍👍 display is cool with a waterdrop notch. Good backup battery. For a budget phone i hada great experience.
297,5,Nice phone iba very happy camer is good I like it Redmi 9 power
298,4,As usual value for money device.. one thing that attracts me the most is Stereo speakers.. Awesome sound quality.. FHD+ Display is so nice and 6000mH battery as well.. Decent product from Redmi. Go for it Camera quality also decent 🙂
299,4,Quality wise good. Good performance of the prize. Cam quality was good what ever it as simply awsome.. 😇😘
300,4,"Very Good Product. Everything is Good. Best part is battery which is long durable. It could be much better if
having-
Camera: Some features more Zoom features, require high megapixel for front camera.
Procesor: Slightly lower

But interm of value for money, it is very Good Product."
301,5,"Set is superb and the person who delivered it to me is very nice and trying to make customer valuable by his work ,he delivered it to me on time.thank you 😊"
302,4,"Overall good but if you are a camera lover than this is not good for you
Battery is like 4000 mh
And yes heating issue when you use afternoon time and also while charging it's heating I will give 7 out of 10"
303,5,"It's a good phone at the price point but you will be slightly disappointed with front camera but considering the price point it's a good deal I am really loving the experience of the performance of the phone even the finger print sensor is also has no great delay and display is excellent
Over all it's a good phone at the price"
304,4,"Camera 3/5
Battery 5/5
Display 4/5
Performance 5/5

Phone is far Good though its HD+Resolution its UI manages good Viewing angles And It has a massive battery but weight distribution made is good and looks like some what weight less

Note:There is one bug in Realme ui 2.0 which came as a trial version in device after one security update. Pictures which taken in Default camera is over sharpened and not looked like naturally I hope They will fill this in next update."
305,4,"I'm writing this review after 3 months of usage.
PRONS:-
1. Front selfie camera is best
It's just 8MP but really gives resolution of 32 MP.
2. The phone is still not lagging and performance is good enough.
CONS:-
1. The back camera is not so good. It's just o.k and up to mark.
2. The resolution of phone is not so good.
3. The look is just satisfying l.
4. Gives good experience while playing games but not so great feel for gamers."
306,5,Phone is really good must buy guys... Highly recommended 🙂🙂🙂 and the delivery tym is also fast my mom really like it... Traffic product
307,4,"The phone is really good at this range.
Main advantage is the battery , even continuous usage of it will make the full charge last atleast 2 days.
The charger is bit big , might not fit in every plug sockets.
It does take time to get fully charged but the awesome battery life covers it all.

Nearby share, realme share , bedtime mode , access to international data without a sim card - these are some features available in it.

Had read some reviews regarding it camera , and the thing is , the c..."
308,5,"Real narjo20 is the best price android mobile with good camera, good battery backup and smoothly touching"
309,5,"I'll not pretend to be an expert and review things as per their utility to me.
I don't play a single game on my phone, so don't need heavy GPU and clock numbers etc etc.
I do use the phone as an average young adult, making frequent videocalls. This phone's battery is an ally for at least a day and a half. Charging as many have stated via the Dash charger may not be as quick as many rivals in the game, for a good 3 hours of charge... this phone will do you good for a day and a half of moderate..."
310,5,"Thank you Flipkart for delivering the phone before time. I loved the matte finish on the back which helps to get less scratches on it. I loved all the features of this phone and it feels so smooth while using! The delivery boy was a good guy too and spoke politely.

I loved the camera, battery and display. It'd be better if the phone has a FHD+ display, but that's okay. The bigger battery, bigger screen and bigger camera satisfy me properly."
311,5,"1)Helio G85-The highlighting feature which makes performance flawless at this range.
Ram could have been 6gb but 4gb is pretty good if you aren't targetting too heavy games
2)18 w fast charging- This is too bad I guess for a this generation phone since it takes almost takes 3.5 hrs to completely charge the 6000mah huge battery.2-2.5 he's could have been pretty good since it mentions fast charging.
3)The camera performance is descent although it struggles in low light which is common for its p..."
312,5,"Excellent Products
Nice in this price range
This is good to using High quality games and best to battery life.
Good benefits of HD Resolution
Camera quality is average.
Very good performance..."
313,3,This phone is ok for me but I don't think that it is 6000 MH battery camera is well but I didn't test fingerprint and face lock so I don't know about that and to the delivery was late I mean so so late and if we go on YouTube it it does not give you a clear quality in Samsung A10 when you see on 240 p it will look clear but if you will match with this phone it will give you that quality in 320p everything is right it is my honest review hope you will like it it's not bad but not so ok
314,4,"Good phone

After using one day
I'm satisfied with this mobile quality and performance. This mobile is good for viewing content, watching YouTube, social media and build quality excellent in this budget. I have brought this mobile for my kids to attend online classes.

Pros

Screen size
Battery
Performance (not for heavy games)
Display (ok)
Camera(ok)
Design

Cons
Front camera(average quality)
Unnecessary apps"
315,4,"Pros
1.-big battery
2-camera is o.k
3-screen is gignatic
4 phone designing is good
5-gaming option is there
6-3 gb ram so performance is good
Cons.
1-screen resolution in youtube is not good
2- sound is same as old chinese phone
3-phone is slightly thick
4-gaming lover will not happy with this screen quality
Overall phone is good you can go for it in this price range."
316,5,It is a good phone but it's front camera is not perform as per expected .it's battery is so good and it's display is also better
317,5,"Nice mobile I liked it a lot
Camera is a bit more than average
Battery is awesome
Screen size is excellent sounds are great
But don't support very fast charging
Totally awesome product.
Well done infinix😘😘"
318,4,This is best phone in budget. Gifted to my sister for Rakhi and she loved this phone lot. Expect Camera everything is upto the mark.But yes how could we expect good Camera in such low budget. Btw I'm using RN 7 pro.
319,5,"THIS PHONE IS BEST FOR STUDENTS AND OFFICIAL WORK . I CONTINUEOUSLY PLAYING VIDEOS AND GAMING 18 HOUR'S AFTER THAT IT SWITCH OFF.

IN MY OPINION IT IS BEST IN BEST BUDGET PHONE AS COMPARE TO XIAOMI OR REALME .

I ALSO TAKE SPEED TEST B/W INFINIX SMART 4 PLUS VS REALME C11
RESULT - INFINIX IS SMOOTH IN OPENING THE APPS BUT IN REALME C11 APPS ARE OPEN LATE .

💯 SATISFYING PRODUCT"
320,3,"At price range its a very good specs
But after buying no ram management, very worst front speaker, good display, big screen size, good battery
Gaming on this device like pubg is ok @20fps
Either if ur not a gamer and a single app user choose this device or go to realme c3"
321,5,"Its true #AbRuknaNahi...GOOD ONE
I am absolutely impressed with this phone..Its Dts speaker amazing and main thing is thats its given on phone front on top..where ideally speaker must have..
Another interesting thing excellent display, phone texture with back tough cover, camera, 3+32 all with reasonable price.. Thanks to Team INFINIX????
and Thank you to Seller for proper packing???
most thankfull to Flipkart team(Ekart logistics team) for before expected time delivery.?????"
322,2,"Not recommended phone.. My review after using it for a week..

Pros:

Bigger display
Best battery backup ( at least 2 days)
customised rom


Cons:

Worst ram management
Worst cameras (pathetic in artificial light)
Inspite of bigger display its a 720p display, pixels are visible and annoying
Display colours are faded
Using data we can watch on 480p videos and on WiFi 720p
Gaming like pubg and free fire are running fine only in low settings
Worst loudspeaker

Verdict

Its the best mobile only..."
323,5,"Super excellent phone, camera is good, battery is super good, display is super large & for performance is also good. My verdict - go for it people its excellent phone in very low budget. (plus point - hard case is really very good, week point - fast charging not available)"
324,5,"Another great deal from Flipkart, mobile also good for calling purpose.. Smooth keypad and option for SD card makes it ideal for elderly people."
325,5,"Best product in cheapest price. Battery last for atleast 4/5 days.
Very happy with the product. Thank you"
326,4,Mobile is good from my point of view battery is good as I get 3 days for calling only.as its good as Samsung guru 2.
327,5,Best mobile low budget
328,5,Very good phone
329,5,superb phone..low price and good quality..
330,5,nice phone
331,5,good product
332,5,Nice
333,5,good
334,4,"Good phone

After using one day
I'm satisfied with this mobile quality and performance. This mobile is good for viewing content, watching YouTube, social media and build quality excellent in this budget. I have brought this mobile for my kids to attend online classes.

Pros

Screen size
Battery
Performance (not for heavy games)
Display (ok)
Camera(ok)
Design

Cons
Front camera(average quality)
Unnecessary apps"
335,4,"Pros
1.-big battery
2-camera is o.k
3-screen is gignatic
4 phone designing is good
5-gaming option is there
6-3 gb ram so performance is good
Cons.
1-screen resolution in youtube is not good
2- sound is same as old chinese phone
3-phone is slightly thick
4-gaming lover will not happy with this screen quality
Overall phone is good you can go for it in this price range."
336,5,It is a good phone but it's front camera is not perform as per expected .it's battery is so good and it's display is also better
337,5,"Nice mobile I liked it a lot
Camera is a bit more than average
Battery is awesome
Screen size is excellent sounds are great
But don't support very fast charging
Totally awesome product.
Well done infinix😘😘"
338,4,This is best phone in budget. Gifted to my sister for Rakhi and she loved this phone lot. Expect Camera everything is upto the mark.But yes how could we expect good Camera in such low budget. Btw I'm using RN 7 pro.
339,5,"THIS PHONE IS BEST FOR STUDENTS AND OFFICIAL WORK . I CONTINUEOUSLY PLAYING VIDEOS AND GAMING 18 HOUR'S AFTER THAT IT SWITCH OFF.

IN MY OPINION IT IS BEST IN BEST BUDGET PHONE AS COMPARE TO XIAOMI OR REALME .

I ALSO TAKE SPEED TEST B/W INFINIX SMART 4 PLUS VS REALME C11
RESULT - INFINIX IS SMOOTH IN OPENING THE APPS BUT IN REALME C11 APPS ARE OPEN LATE .

💯 SATISFYING PRODUCT"
340,3,"At price range its a very good specs
But after buying no ram management, very worst front speaker, good display, big screen size, good battery
Gaming on this device like pubg is ok @20fps
Either if ur not a gamer and a single app user choose this device or go to realme c3"
341,5,"Its true #AbRuknaNahi...GOOD ONE
I am absolutely impressed with this phone..Its Dts speaker amazing and main thing is thats its given on phone front on top..where ideally speaker must have..
Another interesting thing excellent display, phone texture with back tough cover, camera, 3+32 all with reasonable price.. Thanks to Team INFINIX????
and Thank you to Seller for proper packing???
most thankfull to Flipkart team(Ekart logistics team) for before expected time delivery.?????"
342,2,"Not recommended phone.. My review after using it for a week..

Pros:

Bigger display
Best battery backup ( at least 2 days)
customised rom


Cons:

Worst ram management
Worst cameras (pathetic in artificial light)
Inspite of bigger display its a 720p display, pixels are visible and annoying
Display colours are faded
Using data we can watch on 480p videos and on WiFi 720p
Gaming like pubg and free fire are running fine only in low settings
Worst loudspeaker

Verdict

Its the best mobile only..."
343,5,"Super excellent phone, camera is good, battery is super good, display is super large & for performance is also good. My verdict - go for it people its excellent phone in very low budget. (plus point - hard case is really very good, week point - fast charging not available)"
344,4,Good product at low budget but I feel that the camera is dull nd Rotation off button is not work properly After in this price it is a good product
345,4,Youtbe video 360 good and Readind mode ppi 270 Good but poco m2 good display v poco c3 good performance All software available good work poco.
346,5,"Amazing phone with a fabulous camera,wonderful performance,good display and the sound is very clear.Loved the phone a lot.......Worth Money! Love it Just loved it.."
347,4,"Cons:-
1. Need of Improvement in camera
2. No fingerprint scanner
3. No fast charger to charge 5000 mAh battery
4. No plastic case for mobile safety
Pros:-
1. Big and well day light visible display.
2. Good battery life.
3. Sound of both speaker is really good.
4. Ads free experience"
348,5,"Good mobile on this price range 4 gb ram and 64 gb internal memory with big display 6.5"" inch . I love this mobile and thank flipkart"
349,4,"It is nice phone ❤️thanku flipkart for fast delivery ....its camera is not satisfied much but in this price segment it is good phone with nice processor❤❤
Camera:- 2/ 5
Processor :- 5/5
Gaming performance:-4/5
Large screen and hd plus :- 5/5
Smooth performance:- good
Thanku flipkart for this awosome product and i is good."
350,5,I buy is phone for my worker. He is very happy to see this lovely phone. I loved it...
351,5,"I got this phone before 2 mnths...... Only can say it's the most cheapest best phn in the market..... If u like take small mount range phones this will be the ultimate.....
THANKING YOU POCO AND FLIPKART for this wonderful handset"
352,4,Best affordable mobile for daily simple usage. Looks good and large display. Battery back up is great. Performance also best in this price range.
353,5,Last month I had purchased 3gb 32gb roam varient for my Father which is very good in performance so for my friend who was looking for a decent mobile with affordable range this varient of 4gb ram N 64gb roam will be ideal...so Cheers
354,4,"Good phone

After using one day
I'm satisfied with this mobile quality and performance. This mobile is good for viewing content, watching YouTube, social media and build quality excellent in this budget. I have brought this mobile for my kids to attend online classes.

Pros

Screen size
Battery
Performance (not for heavy games)
Display (ok)
Camera(ok)
Design

Cons
Front camera(average quality)
Unnecessary apps"
355,4,"Pros
1.-big battery
2-camera is o.k
3-screen is gignatic
4 phone designing is good
5-gaming option is there
6-3 gb ram so performance is good
Cons.
1-screen resolution in youtube is not good
2- sound is same as old chinese phone
3-phone is slightly thick
4-gaming lover will not happy with this screen quality
Overall phone is good you can go for it in this price range."
356,5,It is a good phone but it's front camera is not perform as per expected .it's battery is so good and it's display is also better
357,5,"Nice mobile I liked it a lot
Camera is a bit more than average
Battery is awesome
Screen size is excellent sounds are great
But don't support very fast charging
Totally awesome product.
Well done infinix😘😘"
358,4,This is best phone in budget. Gifted to my sister for Rakhi and she loved this phone lot. Expect Camera everything is upto the mark.But yes how could we expect good Camera in such low budget. Btw I'm using RN 7 pro.
359,5,"THIS PHONE IS BEST FOR STUDENTS AND OFFICIAL WORK . I CONTINUEOUSLY PLAYING VIDEOS AND GAMING 18 HOUR'S AFTER THAT IT SWITCH OFF.

IN MY OPINION IT IS BEST IN BEST BUDGET PHONE AS COMPARE TO XIAOMI OR REALME .

I ALSO TAKE SPEED TEST B/W INFINIX SMART 4 PLUS VS REALME C11
RESULT - INFINIX IS SMOOTH IN OPENING THE APPS BUT IN REALME C11 APPS ARE OPEN LATE .

💯 SATISFYING PRODUCT"
360,3,"At price range its a very good specs
But after buying no ram management, very worst front speaker, good display, big screen size, good battery
Gaming on this device like pubg is ok @20fps
Either if ur not a gamer and a single app user choose this device or go to realme c3"
361,5,"Its true #AbRuknaNahi...GOOD ONE
I am absolutely impressed with this phone..Its Dts speaker amazing and main thing is thats its given on phone front on top..where ideally speaker must have..
Another interesting thing excellent display, phone texture with back tough cover, camera, 3+32 all with reasonable price.. Thanks to Team INFINIX????
and Thank you to Seller for proper packing???
most thankfull to Flipkart team(Ekart logistics team) for before expected time delivery.?????"
362,2,"Not recommended phone.. My review after using it for a week..

Pros:

Bigger display
Best battery backup ( at least 2 days)
customised rom


Cons:

Worst ram management
Worst cameras (pathetic in artificial light)
Inspite of bigger display its a 720p display, pixels are visible and annoying
Display colours are faded
Using data we can watch on 480p videos and on WiFi 720p
Gaming like pubg and free fire are running fine only in low settings
Worst loudspeaker

Verdict

Its the best mobile only..."
363,5,"Super excellent phone, camera is good, battery is super good, display is super large & for performance is also good. My verdict - go for it people its excellent phone in very low budget. (plus point - hard case is really very good, week point - fast charging not available)"
364,4,"Camera 3/5
Battery 5/5
Display 4/5
Performance 5/5

Phone is far Good though its HD+Resolution its UI manages good Viewing angles And It has a massive battery but weight distribution made is good and looks like some what weight less

Note:There is one bug in Realme ui 2.0 which came as a trial version in device after one security update. Pictures which taken in Default camera is over sharpened and not looked like naturally I hope They will fill this in next update."
365,4,"I'm writing this review after 3 months of usage.
PRONS:-
1. Front selfie camera is best
It's just 8MP but really gives resolution of 32 MP.
2. The phone is still not lagging and performance is good enough.
CONS:-
1. The back camera is not so good. It's just o.k and up to mark.
2. The resolution of phone is not so good.
3. The look is just satisfying l.
4. Gives good experience while playing games but not so great feel for gamers."
366,5,Phone is really good must buy guys... Highly recommended 🙂🙂🙂 and the delivery tym is also fast my mom really like it... Traffic product
367,4,"The phone is really good at this range.
Main advantage is the battery , even continuous usage of it will make the full charge last atleast 2 days.
The charger is bit big , might not fit in every plug sockets.
It does take time to get fully charged but the awesome battery life covers it all.

Nearby share, realme share , bedtime mode , access to international data without a sim card - these are some features available in it.

Had read some reviews regarding it camera , and the thing is , the c..."
368,5,"Real narjo20 is the best price android mobile with good camera, good battery backup and smoothly touching"
369,5,"I'll not pretend to be an expert and review things as per their utility to me.
I don't play a single game on my phone, so don't need heavy GPU and clock numbers etc etc.
I do use the phone as an average young adult, making frequent videocalls. This phone's battery is an ally for at least a day and a half. Charging as many have stated via the Dash charger may not be as quick as many rivals in the game, for a good 3 hours of charge... this phone will do you good for a day and a half of moderate..."
370,5,"Thank you Flipkart for delivering the phone before time. I loved the matte finish on the back which helps to get less scratches on it. I loved all the features of this phone and it feels so smooth while using! The delivery boy was a good guy too and spoke politely.

I loved the camera, battery and display. It'd be better if the phone has a FHD+ display, but that's okay. The bigger battery, bigger screen and bigger camera satisfy me properly."
371,5,"1)Helio G85-The highlighting feature which makes performance flawless at this range.
Ram could have been 6gb but 4gb is pretty good if you aren't targetting too heavy games
2)18 w fast charging- This is too bad I guess for a this generation phone since it takes almost takes 3.5 hrs to completely charge the 6000mah huge battery.2-2.5 he's could have been pretty good since it mentions fast charging.
3)The camera performance is descent although it struggles in low light which is common for its p..."
372,5,"Excellent Products
Nice in this price range
This is good to using High quality games and best to battery life.
Good benefits of HD Resolution
Camera quality is average.
Very good performance..."
373,3,This phone is ok for me but I don't think that it is 6000 MH battery camera is well but I didn't test fingerprint and face lock so I don't know about that and to the delivery was late I mean so so late and if we go on YouTube it it does not give you a clear quality in Samsung A10 when you see on 240 p it will look clear but if you will match with this phone it will give you that quality in 320p everything is right it is my honest review hope you will like it it's not bad but not so ok
374,4,"Camera 3/5
Battery 5/5
Display 4/5
Performance 5/5

Phone is far Good though its HD+Resolution its UI manages good Viewing angles And It has a massive battery but weight distribution made is good and looks like some what weight less

Note:There is one bug in Realme ui 2.0 which came as a trial version in device after one security update. Pictures which taken in Default camera is over sharpened and not looked like naturally I hope They will fill this in next update."
375,4,"I'm writing this review after 3 months of usage.
PRONS:-
1. Front selfie camera is best
It's just 8MP but really gives resolution of 32 MP.
2. The phone is still not lagging and performance is good enough.
CONS:-
1. The back camera is not so good. It's just o.k and up to mark.
2. The resolution of phone is not so good.
3. The look is just satisfying l.
4. Gives good experience while playing games but not so great feel for gamers."
376,5,Phone is really good must buy guys... Highly recommended 🙂🙂🙂 and the delivery tym is also fast my mom really like it... Traffic product
377,4,"The phone is really good at this range.
Main advantage is the battery , even continuous usage of it will make the full charge last atleast 2 days.
The charger is bit big , might not fit in every plug sockets.
It does take time to get fully charged but the awesome battery life covers it all.

Nearby share, realme share , bedtime mode , access to international data without a sim card - these are some features available in it.

Had read some reviews regarding it camera , and the thing is , the c..."
378,5,"Real narjo20 is the best price android mobile with good camera, good battery backup and smoothly touching"
379,5,"I'll not pretend to be an expert and review things as per their utility to me.
I don't play a single game on my phone, so don't need heavy GPU and clock numbers etc etc.
I do use the phone as an average young adult, making frequent videocalls. This phone's battery is an ally for at least a day and a half. Charging as many have stated via the Dash charger may not be as quick as many rivals in the game, for a good 3 hours of charge... this phone will do you good for a day and a half of moderate..."
380,5,"Thank you Flipkart for delivering the phone before time. I loved the matte finish on the back which helps to get less scratches on it. I loved all the features of this phone and it feels so smooth while using! The delivery boy was a good guy too and spoke politely.

I loved the camera, battery and display. It'd be better if the phone has a FHD+ display, but that's okay. The bigger battery, bigger screen and bigger camera satisfy me properly."
381,5,"1)Helio G85-The highlighting feature which makes performance flawless at this range.
Ram could have been 6gb but 4gb is pretty good if you aren't targetting too heavy games
2)18 w fast charging- This is too bad I guess for a this generation phone since it takes almost takes 3.5 hrs to completely charge the 6000mah huge battery.2-2.5 he's could have been pretty good since it mentions fast charging.
3)The camera performance is descent although it struggles in low light which is common for its p..."
382,5,"Excellent Products
Nice in this price range
This is good to using High quality games and best to battery life.
Good benefits of HD Resolution
Camera quality is average.
Very good performance..."
383,3,This phone is ok for me but I don't think that it is 6000 MH battery camera is well but I didn't test fingerprint and face lock so I don't know about that and to the delivery was late I mean so so late and if we go on YouTube it it does not give you a clear quality in Samsung A10 when you see on 240 p it will look clear but if you will match with this phone it will give you that quality in 320p everything is right it is my honest review hope you will like it it's not bad but not so ok
384,4,"Camera 3/5
Battery 5/5
Display 4/5
Performance 5/5

Phone is far Good though its HD+Resolution its UI manages good Viewing angles And It has a massive battery but weight distribution made is good and looks like some what weight less

Note:There is one bug in Realme ui 2.0 which came as a trial version in device after one security update. Pictures which taken in Default camera is over sharpened and not looked like naturally I hope They will fill this in next update."
385,4,"I'm writing this review after 3 months of usage.
PRONS:-
1. Front selfie camera is best
It's just 8MP but really gives resolution of 32 MP.
2. The phone is still not lagging and performance is good enough.
CONS:-
1. The back camera is not so good. It's just o.k and up to mark.
2. The resolution of phone is not so good.
3. The look is just satisfying l.
4. Gives good experience while playing games but not so great feel for gamers."
386,5,Phone is really good must buy guys... Highly recommended 🙂🙂🙂 and the delivery tym is also fast my mom really like it... Traffic product
387,4,"The phone is really good at this range.
Main advantage is the battery , even continuous usage of it will make the full charge last atleast 2 days.
The charger is bit big , might not fit in every plug sockets.
It does take time to get fully charged but the awesome battery life covers it all.

Nearby share, realme share , bedtime mode , access to international data without a sim card - these are some features available in it.

Had read some reviews regarding it camera , and the thing is , the c..."
388,5,"Real narjo20 is the best price android mobile with good camera, good battery backup and smoothly touching"
389,5,"I'll not pretend to be an expert and review things as per their utility to me.
I don't play a single game on my phone, so don't need heavy GPU and clock numbers etc etc.
I do use the phone as an average young adult, making frequent videocalls. This phone's battery is an ally for at least a day and a half. Charging as many have stated via the Dash charger may not be as quick as many rivals in the game, for a good 3 hours of charge... this phone will do you good for a day and a half of moderate..."
390,5,"Thank you Flipkart for delivering the phone before time. I loved the matte finish on the back which helps to get less scratches on it. I loved all the features of this phone and it feels so smooth while using! The delivery boy was a good guy too and spoke politely.

I loved the camera, battery and display. It'd be better if the phone has a FHD+ display, but that's okay. The bigger battery, bigger screen and bigger camera satisfy me properly."
391,5,"1)Helio G85-The highlighting feature which makes performance flawless at this range.
Ram could have been 6gb but 4gb is pretty good if you aren't targetting too heavy games
2)18 w fast charging- This is too bad I guess for a this generation phone since it takes almost takes 3.5 hrs to completely charge the 6000mah huge battery.2-2.5 he's could have been pretty good since it mentions fast charging.
3)The camera performance is descent although it struggles in low light which is common for its p..."
392,5,"Excellent Products
Nice in this price range
This is good to using High quality games and best to battery life.
Good benefits of HD Resolution
Camera quality is average.
Very good performance..."
393,3,This phone is ok for me but I don't think that it is 6000 MH battery camera is well but I didn't test fingerprint and face lock so I don't know about that and to the delivery was late I mean so so late and if we go on YouTube it it does not give you a clear quality in Samsung A10 when you see on 240 p it will look clear but if you will match with this phone it will give you that quality in 320p everything is right it is my honest review hope you will like it it's not bad but not so ok
394,4,"Good mobile poco m3
Pros:
Fullhd display,
smooth tocuh response,
6000mah battery,
avarage weight,
back disign amazing,
no heatting issue,
decent back camera
Excellent sound quality it's very clear
Cons:
front camara not take a clear picture,
Charging time to long .50% charging time 1 hour 35 minutes.
Ovarall the price segment this mobile good"
395,5,Good phone battery🔋 And camera This price point good phone 🟡 color is so cool😁😁😁 I will get fast sale thank you flipkart
396,5,"One word review "" Value for Money""
It has the potential to be a nice casual daily driver
Speakers are loud...like seriously loud.
Screen size is good
Though being a LCD screen it produces decent colours. For the price at which it comes that more than enough.
Camera is neither the best nor the worst, it's quite good for this price point.
6000 mA battery 🔋👍🏻
Though it comes with a lot of bloatware but you can just uninstall most of them (excluding system apps)
Finally the Verdict is that it'..."
397,4,"Sound quality super 3 type sound but camera selfie camera is not good &Back camera is normally or value of money
Totally side & angel to seen to parfect"
398,5,"Great Phone at this Price point. Superb cool Design.. Good battery, display and overall performance is superb..Back camera good...Front Camera is average."
399,5,"Thank You Poco for manufacturing this Phone... Iam totally satisfied with the product keeping in mind the price of the phone...
I think at this price segment it's the best choice .....
Impressed by the build quality.
Portrait mode works absolutely fine..

And a special thanks to flipkart team for delivering this in less than 24 hours..."
400,4,"1. Phone is perfect but Camera it's not good.
2. In this price we get many best feature but Charging is bit slow.
3. For low budget it is the perfect mobile phone."
401,5,"Mobile is good... I bought the yellow one... Front and rear cameras are good too... But the con is pics aren't tht clear when we zoom in a lot...the picture quality is too good for short range pics as you can see... The first one or the buildings one is taken with max zoom... No heating issues with battery or while charging.... I use it for browsing, listening songs, to read books texting and calling... So on a single charge I can use it for two days... With apporx 18hrs of usage of above act..."
402,4,"This phone is pretty decent
Battery backup and display quality is very good at this price range
Speacker sound quality is also good
Performance is pretty fast .
But only low and balance and high frame rate support on pubg.
Camera quality is good."
403,4,"I received my Poco M3 today (delivered by Ekart in 2 days). These are my first impressions.

Design and build: Fits well in hand and it's side mounted finger print scanners ls also placed in an optimal location. A simple plastic back with curved edges. Feels little heavy.

Display: Looks stunning with great colours and balanced and adaptive brightness. It's Full HD+ display is Ideal for watching videos. 60Hz refresh rate is good considering the budget but as I shifted from high end one plu..."
404,4,"Good phone

After using one day
I'm satisfied with this mobile quality and performance. This mobile is good for viewing content, watching YouTube, social media and build quality excellent in this budget. I have brought this mobile for my kids to attend online classes.

Pros

Screen size
Battery
Performance (not for heavy games)
Display (ok)
Camera(ok)
Design

Cons
Front camera(average quality)
Unnecessary apps"
405,4,"Pros
1.-big battery
2-camera is o.k
3-screen is gignatic
4 phone designing is good
5-gaming option is there
6-3 gb ram so performance is good
Cons.
1-screen resolution in youtube is not good
2- sound is same as old chinese phone
3-phone is slightly thick
4-gaming lover will not happy with this screen quality
Overall phone is good you can go for it in this price range."
406,5,It is a good phone but it's front camera is not perform as per expected .it's battery is so good and it's display is also better
407,5,"Nice mobile I liked it a lot
Camera is a bit more than average
Battery is awesome
Screen size is excellent sounds are great
But don't support very fast charging
Totally awesome product.
Well done infinix😘😘"
408,4,This is best phone in budget. Gifted to my sister for Rakhi and she loved this phone lot. Expect Camera everything is upto the mark.But yes how could we expect good Camera in such low budget. Btw I'm using RN 7 pro.
409,5,"THIS PHONE IS BEST FOR STUDENTS AND OFFICIAL WORK . I CONTINUEOUSLY PLAYING VIDEOS AND GAMING 18 HOUR'S AFTER THAT IT SWITCH OFF.

IN MY OPINION IT IS BEST IN BEST BUDGET PHONE AS COMPARE TO XIAOMI OR REALME .

I ALSO TAKE SPEED TEST B/W INFINIX SMART 4 PLUS VS REALME C11
RESULT - INFINIX IS SMOOTH IN OPENING THE APPS BUT IN REALME C11 APPS ARE OPEN LATE .

💯 SATISFYING PRODUCT"
410,3,"At price range its a very good specs
But after buying no ram management, very worst front speaker, good display, big screen size, good battery
Gaming on this device like pubg is ok @20fps
Either if ur not a gamer and a single app user choose this device or go to realme c3"
411,5,"Its true #AbRuknaNahi...GOOD ONE
I am absolutely impressed with this phone..Its Dts speaker amazing and main thing is thats its given on phone front on top..where ideally speaker must have..
Another interesting thing excellent display, phone texture with back tough cover, camera, 3+32 all with reasonable price.. Thanks to Team INFINIX????
and Thank you to Seller for proper packing???
most thankfull to Flipkart team(Ekart logistics team) for before expected time delivery.?????"
412,2,"Not recommended phone.. My review after using it for a week..

Pros:

Bigger display
Best battery backup ( at least 2 days)
customised rom


Cons:

Worst ram management
Worst cameras (pathetic in artificial light)
Inspite of bigger display its a 720p display, pixels are visible and annoying
Display colours are faded
Using data we can watch on 480p videos and on WiFi 720p
Gaming like pubg and free fire are running fine only in low settings
Worst loudspeaker

Verdict

Its the best mobile only..."
413,5,"Super excellent phone, camera is good, battery is super good, display is super large & for performance is also good. My verdict - go for it people its excellent phone in very low budget. (plus point - hard case is really very good, week point - fast charging not available)"
414,1,worst product .... don't buy it ..
415,5,Nice
416,3,Super 😘 and fantastic
417,5,Not excellent at a very good
418,5,"Amazing Smart watch in this price
I am really happy with this smartwatch
But some interesting features is missing"
419,5,"Realme watch S is an amazing product in the segment. I am really surprised when I opened the box, it's very nice and give premium look . If u r sports lover definitely u ll love this product , realme watch S have 16 sports
mode and it's battery life is also very good, we get 15 days battery life and it's only takes 2.5 hrs to fully charge .
realme watch S have some other features also
100+ stylish watch face
Aluminum alloy case
Gorilla glass 3
IP68 water resistance
Colourful liquid silico..."
420,5,its good smart watch in this price range awsome in looks n battery thnks realme for this smart watch
421,5,"I'm 7 days used personally very good product,😘😘 Charging Quality Is Very Very Good, And Battary Quality Is Amazing 7 days useing not change but now 40 minutes charge available.. Excellent Product... Thanks Realme Flipkart. ❤️❤️❤️❤️"
422,5,"Very good watch at 4999, having all feature needed only missing thing is gps. If gps is must for anyone go for amzefit verge lite. I choose this over verge lite coz of its look and metal body. Lookwise it is far better then verge lite. Overall a nice product."
423,4,"I am writing this review about this watch after 1st complete discharge from 99% to 3% and first complete charge from3% to 99%. I got this watch on 20th January and when i unboxed it it was charged 99%. In past past 19 days i have moderately use this watch and i have found these,

1) Battery life is insane as i get the 19 days of battery backup which far more than realme claims, for battery life 10/10.


2) I have enabled 24*7 heart rate monitoring with 30 min interval gap and it's is pretty a..."
424,5,"Brilliant product I must say, very light weight, exactly how a smart watch should be, coz we will wearing it all days long, nice watch faces a lot of them, I love the interface l, heart rate monitor is accurate, SPO2 is also accurate, step counts are almost accurate, looks very premium, strap quality is amazing I wanted the orange one, but could not get it, coz the option was not there. App works great with minimum to no disconnection at all. So over all really happy with with purchase. Outd..."
425,5,"Great display quality also has a good battery life, it took me 1 hr to charge from 30 to 100% , pleanty of watch faces but i like very few of them , accuracy is decent , wrist rais sensor works well , built quality is very good. Overall decent watch in this price segment."
426,4,Amazing its looks like premiums smart watches go for it i recommend and my best parts is battery which is absolutely fine but watched faces doesn't looks cool if others design graphics added could be better.
427,5,"After using it for 1 month, here is my review:

1. After charging realme Watch S to 100% it will be at 100% for 3-4 consecutive days (based on my usage).
2. The sensors are very accurate. I tested it out with original heart rate monitor and oxygen level monitor. I got the same results as on both the machines.
3. Within 1½-2 hours, it will be fully charged.
4. The watch will work for 15-20 days under light load (turning off settings like CHR monitor, sedentary alert) and max. 5-7 days if the ..."
428,5,Awesome - 3rd Gen from the noise is as expected it give you an awesome experience. Great work guys
429,4,Eye catching watch. Really beautiful specially this rose gold colour is so fascinating. Must got for this watch. For the price it's great. Just a little lage may be coz I'm an iPhone user . Else it's fabulous
430,3,I am using this product on my iphone ... it is so cool. I have also used today in gym it shows good activity tracking also has best display really loved it. And the notifications systems are so great . Totally the product is best in this price and display really loved full star ⭐️ . Thank uh NoiseFit
431,5,"Pros-
- accurate values
- Feels premium except for the power button
-Decent battery life(4-5 days with 24/7 health monitoring system)
- good display..... Can't compete with amoleds but for a LCD it's too good
- good watch faces
-very light

Cons
- bluetooth connection is not that stable , like it keeps connecting and disconnecting when u pair your phone with a third device
- I wish I could accept and silent the calls also when the phone is connected to my airdopes.

Verdict- I like it very ..."
432,5,"Color fit pro3 is best and best watch!!
It's a gift for me..i love it.The watch is good in everything like display, its tracking activity overall fit perfect in wrist just go for it!"
433,5,"One of the best budget Smartwatch . It has all the necessary features in this price range .
Heart rate and the other monitoring feature show’s the accurate results . Very happy with the product ❤️

Tips : In the beginning charge it full to get better results."
434,5,"A brilliant smart watch in the price segment, delivered in 1 days - Thanks to flipkart and Delhivery for fastest delivery. Watch has excellent features and the display is very good."
435,5,"Smart watch with premium look , nice features , gud quality and also in affordable price..i love it ❤️"
436,5,"What an amazing watch, superb connectivity, tracking accuracy and amazing look at such an affordable price range, a must buy Watch"
437,5,"Excellent Product
Excellent Quality
Very nice features which are also accurate
SPo2 is also accurate
Comfortable to wear all day
Can customize any image as an watchface
Only con is that we cannot reply to msgs or what'sApp msgs and can't even receive calls
Overall nice performance
Excellent product in this range..."
438,3,"pros-
1)A very classy and attractive watch.
2)Accurate steps count.
3)Light weight.
4)Good strap quality.
cons-
1)Heart sensor is not at all accurate ..it will give false reading most of the time.
2) screen size is small and the display is not that great as compared to mi band or honour where you get oled display.
3)The message notification and call notification has a very poor presentable display theme ,it feels like you are using a 200 rs cheap product.
4)while controlling your music player..."
439,4,"Stylish ...worth buying. Very good product according to budget. Very light weight, band is very flexible and good quality. It can serve ur health queries and a style statement too... Must buy."
440,5,"Best smart watch in this price range 💥
And the display was perfectly maintain the brightness in outdoor also
And the best part is the looks 💥
Very light weight
Starp was comfortable
But the only complaint from all user of this watch is
Please add more watch faces it could be better."
441,5,A awesome watch. Nice product & good features. Liked it.
442,4,"the watch is decent looking 80% looks like Apple watch it is bit smaller than Apple watch good product
stepcount is not proper but nice at price point the material used is very light and also have fear to bymistakly break it"
443,2,"Not so good as i expected, Noice Colorfit pro is much better than Pro 2. Design is good, very light and comfort to wear. I was purchased Colorfit pro 1 month back that i have gift to my father. today i purchased colorfit pro 2, i thought it will be some advance feature than colorfit pro, but its dissapointed to me. touch is too lazy, battery also not much good as a colorfit pro. When i call to someone the watch not showing any thing even in colorfit pro do that. incoming call notification al..."
444,4,"Looks nice but it has not feature to control music volume just you can change music through watch. Some time you feel lagging but it is not , it has that type of operating system but look wise no compromise, looks really good . Overall its good not best"
445,1,"bieng unbaised i would like to bring so.e most important points of this smart watch.
looks are good😎 ...build up quality is also good..😘

but one of the most important reason we buy smart watch to track our activities and to get notifications from your smartphone,
😣in this watch the biggest drawback is the conectivity..not even 5min watch remain conected with mobile...
😕every now and then we have start the app and then connect the watch..
display size is very small😥
in direct sunlight we..."
446,5,"the watch is best for you it looks awesome on hand and is easy to use and handle battery life is decent and screen brightness is also decent look Wise i give it 10/09 strap quality is skin friendly information is not that accurate it lacks with features like wether, additional screen face overall its is value for money ❣️"
447,5,Very good watch. It looks awesome on hand and easy to use.The watch is perfectly cool and worth the price.Comfortable to wear for a long time. Must buy. All features are just fantastic ❤️😍...
448,4,"Writing this review after 2 weeks.
PROS:-less weight
High brightness
User friendly
Good speed
Notification is stylish and very useful
Good in look when screen off😬
Battery life is good
Water resistance works well
Screen quality is very good.. even i thought its gorilla glass
You can add any photo as wallpaper
CONS:
Screen size is disappointing
App is very bad..new update is not working well..please make better app developers. When changing to external wallpaper, time and date become little..."
449,4,"Ya its a cool watch and I liked the built quality , and water resistant , itts looking cool and its working accurate ly .
Cons....
1. App clearance
2. Notification vibration. Exapt this all are nice features in this watch"
450,4,"Boat smart watch nice and decent product in this price range. The functionality is amazing and display quality is also good, the battery life is not so good compare to other smart watches this is the main drawback, the battery life comes for 5-6 days for 1 full charge. Belt quality good and smooth. ❤️ Rate sensor gives nearly accurate BPM and other good thing is oxygen sensor is good but I don't know how much accurate this, BP monitoring also there quite a good feature, music control is good..."
451,5,"Good watch...👍
Use after 10 day .and one time charge. Battery backup so nice upto 9-10 day...my boat watch received 10 days..after
Use boat strom watch quality GOOD nice and metal body casing so good wach belt quality.cloued based watch 38 face.and later OTA UPDATE. version 7 update but boat storm v7 personalize face watch not avaliable in pro gear app
Please. So next update add features in pro gear and all of good nice watch in price range"
452,5,"Design and aesthetic : The storm looks like a premium watch and also the black aesthetic goes well with formal or casual dresses (Traditional/Ethnic dresses are a bit of hit or miss)

Build and Durability : The body feels rigid and durable but still it would hurt to add on a screen protector to prevent any scratches on the glass

Functionality : Simple UI and simple controls but does the job pretty well. Measures SpO2, Heart Rate, Blood pressure in addition to the usual steps and distance cal..."
453,4,"It was a Xmas gift for my fiance. And she loved it. Good Battery Back Up, premium rich feel, activities and features. 5 star product.... Boat Rocks!!"
454,4,"Delivery was super fast
(Ordered yesterday got it today by 12:30pm)
Now about the watch it is all comfortable with the strap and dont expect any big boxes to shoot some unboxing videos box contains charging cable some papers about watch and boAt watch has many features today is the first day of my usage I'll update it in 1 week I'm still confused how to change dials.
If someone can help me with the dial faces pls respond.

Edit:- Face dials are gonna be available once the update is there (o..."
455,4,"Go for it.
I don't believe in any reviews untill I use it any gadgets.
You can consider accuracy level in btw 85 to 95 perc.

My positive Result of Day 1 uses.

SLEEP MODE. GOOD
BLOOD PRESSURE. NORMAL

DIAL INTERFACE. EVERY TIME YOU NEED TO EITHER DOWNLOAD A PHOTO OR SELECT FROM YOUR OWN PHONE GALLARY .

MUSIC CONTROL CONTROL YOUR DEFAULT MUSIC PLAYER, VOL UP AND DOWN . AND PAUSE AND PLAY.

Incorrect accuracy in waking activitie - automatically update walki..."
456,5,"It was a great smart watch, with amazing activity trackers,and I like the sleep calculator"
457,5,Excellent product very nice watch better than realme and huami . Activity tracker is very nice give an good idea of activity. It have music control too. Worth of money. Recommended product 😍😍👌👌👍❤❤
458,4,"Writing this review after 2 weeks.
PROS:-less weight
High brightness
User friendly
Good speed
Notification is stylish and very useful
Good in look when screen off😬
Battery life is good
Water resistance works well
Screen quality is very good.. even i thought its gorilla glass
You can add any photo as wallpaper
CONS:
Screen size is disappointing
App is very bad..new update is not working well..please make better app developers. When changing to external wallpaper, time and date become little..."
459,4,"Ya its a cool watch and I liked the built quality , and water resistant , itts looking cool and its working accurate ly .
Cons....
1. App clearance
2. Notification vibration. Exapt this all are nice features in this watch"
460,4,"Boat smart watch nice and decent product in this price range. The functionality is amazing and display quality is also good, the battery life is not so good compare to other smart watches this is the main drawback, the battery life comes for 5-6 days for 1 full charge. Belt quality good and smooth. ❤️ Rate sensor gives nearly accurate BPM and other good thing is oxygen sensor is good but I don't know how much accurate this, BP monitoring also there quite a good feature, music control is good..."
461,5,"Good watch...👍
Use after 10 day .and one time charge. Battery backup so nice upto 9-10 day...my boat watch received 10 days..after
Use boat strom watch quality GOOD nice and metal body casing so good wach belt quality.cloued based watch 38 face.and later OTA UPDATE. version 7 update but boat storm v7 personalize face watch not avaliable in pro gear app
Please. So next update add features in pro gear and all of good nice watch in price range"
462,5,"Design and aesthetic : The storm looks like a premium watch and also the black aesthetic goes well with formal or casual dresses (Traditional/Ethnic dresses are a bit of hit or miss)

Build and Durability : The body feels rigid and durable but still it would hurt to add on a screen protector to prevent any scratches on the glass

Functionality : Simple UI and simple controls but does the job pretty well. Measures SpO2, Heart Rate, Blood pressure in addition to the usual steps and distance cal..."
463,4,"It was a Xmas gift for my fiance. And she loved it. Good Battery Back Up, premium rich feel, activities and features. 5 star product.... Boat Rocks!!"
464,4,"Delivery was super fast
(Ordered yesterday got it today by 12:30pm)
Now about the watch it is all comfortable with the strap and dont expect any big boxes to shoot some unboxing videos box contains charging cable some papers about watch and boAt watch has many features today is the first day of my usage I'll update it in 1 week I'm still confused how to change dials.
If someone can help me with the dial faces pls respond.

Edit:- Face dials are gonna be available once the update is there (o..."
465,4,"Go for it.
I don't believe in any reviews untill I use it any gadgets.
You can consider accuracy level in btw 85 to 95 perc.

My positive Result of Day 1 uses.

SLEEP MODE. GOOD
BLOOD PRESSURE. NORMAL

DIAL INTERFACE. EVERY TIME YOU NEED TO EITHER DOWNLOAD A PHOTO OR SELECT FROM YOUR OWN PHONE GALLARY .

MUSIC CONTROL CONTROL YOUR DEFAULT MUSIC PLAYER, VOL UP AND DOWN . AND PAUSE AND PLAY.

Incorrect accuracy in waking activitie - automatically update walki..."
466,5,"It was a great smart watch, with amazing activity trackers,and I like the sleep calculator"
467,5,Excellent product very nice watch better than realme and huami . Activity tracker is very nice give an good idea of activity. It have music control too. Worth of money. Recommended product 😍😍👌👌👍❤❤
468,4,"Writing this review after 2 weeks.
PROS:-less weight
High brightness
User friendly
Good speed
Notification is stylish and very useful
Good in look when screen off😬
Battery life is good
Water resistance works well
Screen quality is very good.. even i thought its gorilla glass
You can add any photo as wallpaper
CONS:
Screen size is disappointing
App is very bad..new update is not working well..please make better app developers. When changing to external wallpaper, time and date become little..."
469,4,"Ya its a cool watch and I liked the built quality , and water resistant , itts looking cool and its working accurate ly .
Cons....
1. App clearance
2. Notification vibration. Exapt this all are nice features in this watch"
470,4,"Boat smart watch nice and decent product in this price range. The functionality is amazing and display quality is also good, the battery life is not so good compare to other smart watches this is the main drawback, the battery life comes for 5-6 days for 1 full charge. Belt quality good and smooth. ❤️ Rate sensor gives nearly accurate BPM and other good thing is oxygen sensor is good but I don't know how much accurate this, BP monitoring also there quite a good feature, music control is good..."
471,5,"Good watch...👍
Use after 10 day .and one time charge. Battery backup so nice upto 9-10 day...my boat watch received 10 days..after
Use boat strom watch quality GOOD nice and metal body casing so good wach belt quality.cloued based watch 38 face.and later OTA UPDATE. version 7 update but boat storm v7 personalize face watch not avaliable in pro gear app
Please. So next update add features in pro gear and all of good nice watch in price range"
472,5,"Design and aesthetic : The storm looks like a premium watch and also the black aesthetic goes well with formal or casual dresses (Traditional/Ethnic dresses are a bit of hit or miss)

Build and Durability : The body feels rigid and durable but still it would hurt to add on a screen protector to prevent any scratches on the glass

Functionality : Simple UI and simple controls but does the job pretty well. Measures SpO2, Heart Rate, Blood pressure in addition to the usual steps and distance cal..."
473,4,"It was a Xmas gift for my fiance. And she loved it. Good Battery Back Up, premium rich feel, activities and features. 5 star product.... Boat Rocks!!"
474,4,"Delivery was super fast
(Ordered yesterday got it today by 12:30pm)
Now about the watch it is all comfortable with the strap and dont expect any big boxes to shoot some unboxing videos box contains charging cable some papers about watch and boAt watch has many features today is the first day of my usage I'll update it in 1 week I'm still confused how to change dials.
If someone can help me with the dial faces pls respond.

Edit:- Face dials are gonna be available once the update is there (o..."
475,4,"Go for it.
I don't believe in any reviews untill I use it any gadgets.
You can consider accuracy level in btw 85 to 95 perc.

My positive Result of Day 1 uses.

SLEEP MODE. GOOD
BLOOD PRESSURE. NORMAL

DIAL INTERFACE. EVERY TIME YOU NEED TO EITHER DOWNLOAD A PHOTO OR SELECT FROM YOUR OWN PHONE GALLARY .

MUSIC CONTROL CONTROL YOUR DEFAULT MUSIC PLAYER, VOL UP AND DOWN . AND PAUSE AND PLAY.

Incorrect accuracy in waking activitie - automatically update walki..."
476,5,"It was a great smart watch, with amazing activity trackers,and I like the sleep calculator"
477,5,Excellent product very nice watch better than realme and huami . Activity tracker is very nice give an good idea of activity. It have music control too. Worth of money. Recommended product 😍😍👌👌👍❤❤
478,4,"Have a Doubt ??? Don't be confused ! Here is my honest 💯 review !

1 - Display 4/5
2 - Touch response 5/5
3- Material quality 4/5
4- All functions are working perfectly 5/5
6- Battery stand by time 3/5
7- Water test passed 5/5

Trust me guys ! You are getting everything in this price segment . This time realme changed the whole assumption ..by providing a best pocket friendly SMART WATCH . Go for it ☑️🙈

Wating for future gadgets like Realme TABLET , Realme compact laptops .

♥️ REALME"
479,5,"Awesome Smart watch in this price range.it comes with large colour Touchscreen with awesome resolution with 24/7 Health assistant with 14sports mode and lots, lots more.
If you really wanna keep yourself up to date then make sure you have one of the this realme smart watch.
#100% value for money
#Best smart watch ever in this price range."
480,5,"VALUE FOR MONEY


A perfect smart watch at perfect price ,easy to use
Ui is so good and all time notification ,its diplay is so good and i like its personalized faces good to see
Its battery also good
I can control camera and music
Smart watch smart live
Spo2 measurement and heart rate monitoring
Watch also good for fitness and excersize
Love this smart watch😍"
481,4,"Best in class:_
Pros-
1. Good build quality made of quality plastic and gorilla glass 3
2. Ui is good and responsive
3. Best in the budget
4. Good battery life.
5. Looks like an Apple Watch
Cons:-
1. Charger doesn’t has a strong magnet
2. Display is tft which isn’t of that good quality. However colours reproduced is good
3 only 360 nits max brighteness it’s okay but not great for outdoors"
482,4,"After 1 week of usage here are the Pros & Cons:-

Pros:

1) It's Value for money ! But dont expect to be like Apple watch !
2) SpO2 is a great feature, not many Smart watch has that feature & it's also very accurate.
3) Heartbeat sensor, Sleep monitor is very accurate. Don't tried Other meditation or Gym features till now.
4) Camera control, Music control is working flawlessly. Battery backup is very good. I have set the heartbeat monitor interval to 30 minutes gap.

Cons:

1:) Stock Strap q..."
483,4,Looks good and display color sensitivity is very nice you can easily see at sun light condition .. overall it's a good one don't expect more it iwill be between band and watch ..
484,5,"Please watch my both reviews


Review after using 2 and half months

- Getting regular updates for app and device as well 😊😊

- After one of update customized display is available, now I can keep my face pic on it 😊😊😊.

- 14 sports modes are working cool 😍😍😍.

-People have complimented me about great look of watch,
Also the very less weight worked well

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improvements required
- we can't keep cust..."
485,5,"Nice And looks cool in hands brightness is good in sunlight Vibration level is little high i think if i choose low also thats good, And Brand name did not clearly seen i think thats not good for publicity i think Its good to show the brand name as Highlight in display...
And battery life hardly 2 to 3 days not 7 or 9 days"
486,5,Very good watch for the price. Anyone can go for it. Satisfied with the watch. Watch chin doesn’t bother at all looks really neat and clean design. Display is also very good sharp and vibrant. Heart rate and spo2 is also fairly accurate. Step count is also near perfection. Battery life good but i think brand should have done a little more than the existing at least 20 days. Overall its the complete package I’m happy with it! And hope it will resolve that notification bug it only shows the lat...
487,5,"The watch is really good considering the price.
I'm using it for the past 2weeks now and I can say I'm getting around 4-5 days of charge in it with 24hr heart rate monitor ON but turn it OFF and you can get about 5-6 days of charge. It doesn't have a in-built GPS so it's better to connect your watch to your phone when you're going outside for better accuracy. The heart rate monitor and SpO2 works quite good and for me the brightness is good but realme have to give it more personalization feat..."
488,4,"Have a Doubt ??? Don't be confused ! Here is my honest 💯 review !

1 - Display 4/5
2 - Touch response 5/5
3- Material quality 4/5
4- All functions are working perfectly 5/5
6- Battery stand by time 3/5
7- Water test passed 5/5

Trust me guys ! You are getting everything in this price segment . This time realme changed the whole assumption ..by providing a best pocket friendly SMART WATCH . Go for it ☑️🙈

Wating for future gadgets like Realme TABLET , Realme compact laptops .

♥️ REALME"
489,5,"Awesome Smart watch in this price range.it comes with large colour Touchscreen with awesome resolution with 24/7 Health assistant with 14sports mode and lots, lots more.
If you really wanna keep yourself up to date then make sure you have one of the this realme smart watch.
#100% value for money
#Best smart watch ever in this price range."
490,5,"VALUE FOR MONEY


A perfect smart watch at perfect price ,easy to use
Ui is so good and all time notification ,its diplay is so good and i like its personalized faces good to see
Its battery also good
I can control camera and music
Smart watch smart live
Spo2 measurement and heart rate monitoring
Watch also good for fitness and excersize
Love this smart watch😍"
491,4,"Best in class:_
Pros-
1. Good build quality made of quality plastic and gorilla glass 3
2. Ui is good and responsive
3. Best in the budget
4. Good battery life.
5. Looks like an Apple Watch
Cons:-
1. Charger doesn’t has a strong magnet
2. Display is tft which isn’t of that good quality. However colours reproduced is good
3 only 360 nits max brighteness it’s okay but not great for outdoors"
492,4,"After 1 week of usage here are the Pros & Cons:-

Pros:

1) It's Value for money ! But dont expect to be like Apple watch !
2) SpO2 is a great feature, not many Smart watch has that feature & it's also very accurate.
3) Heartbeat sensor, Sleep monitor is very accurate. Don't tried Other meditation or Gym features till now.
4) Camera control, Music control is working flawlessly. Battery backup is very good. I have set the heartbeat monitor interval to 30 minutes gap.

Cons:

1:) Stock Strap q..."
493,4,Looks good and display color sensitivity is very nice you can easily see at sun light condition .. overall it's a good one don't expect more it iwill be between band and watch ..
494,5,"Please watch my both reviews


Review after using 2 and half months

- Getting regular updates for app and device as well 😊😊

- After one of update customized display is available, now I can keep my face pic on it 😊😊😊.

- 14 sports modes are working cool 😍😍😍.

-People have complimented me about great look of watch,
Also the very less weight worked well

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improvements required
- we can't keep cust..."
495,5,"Nice And looks cool in hands brightness is good in sunlight Vibration level is little high i think if i choose low also thats good, And Brand name did not clearly seen i think thats not good for publicity i think Its good to show the brand name as Highlight in display...
And battery life hardly 2 to 3 days not 7 or 9 days"
496,5,Very good watch for the price. Anyone can go for it. Satisfied with the watch. Watch chin doesn’t bother at all looks really neat and clean design. Display is also very good sharp and vibrant. Heart rate and spo2 is also fairly accurate. Step count is also near perfection. Battery life good but i think brand should have done a little more than the existing at least 20 days. Overall its the complete package I’m happy with it! And hope it will resolve that notification bug it only shows the lat...
497,5,"The watch is really good considering the price.
I'm using it for the past 2weeks now and I can say I'm getting around 4-5 days of charge in it with 24hr heart rate monitor ON but turn it OFF and you can get about 5-6 days of charge. It doesn't have a in-built GPS so it's better to connect your watch to your phone when you're going outside for better accuracy. The heart rate monitor and SpO2 works quite good and for me the brightness is good but realme have to give it more personalization feat..."
498,5,Awesome - 3rd Gen from the noise is as expected it give you an awesome experience. Great work guys
499,4,Eye catching watch. Really beautiful specially this rose gold colour is so fascinating. Must got for this watch. For the price it's great. Just a little lage may be coz I'm an iPhone user . Else it's fabulous
500,3,I am using this product on my iphone ... it is so cool. I have also used today in gym it shows good activity tracking also has best display really loved it. And the notifications systems are so great . Totally the product is best in this price and display really loved full star ⭐️ . Thank uh NoiseFit
501,5,"Pros-
- accurate values
- Feels premium except for the power button
-Decent battery life(4-5 days with 24/7 health monitoring system)
- good display..... Can't compete with amoleds but for a LCD it's too good
- good watch faces
-very light

Cons
- bluetooth connection is not that stable , like it keeps connecting and disconnecting when u pair your phone with a third device
- I wish I could accept and silent the calls also when the phone is connected to my airdopes.

Verdict- I like it very ..."
502,5,"Color fit pro3 is best and best watch!!
It's a gift for me..i love it.The watch is good in everything like display, its tracking activity overall fit perfect in wrist just go for it!"
503,5,"One of the best budget Smartwatch . It has all the necessary features in this price range .
Heart rate and the other monitoring feature show’s the accurate results . Very happy with the product ❤️

Tips : In the beginning charge it full to get better results."
504,5,"A brilliant smart watch in the price segment, delivered in 1 days - Thanks to flipkart and Delhivery for fastest delivery. Watch has excellent features and the display is very good."
505,5,"Smart watch with premium look , nice features , gud quality and also in affordable price..i love it ❤️"
506,5,"What an amazing watch, superb connectivity, tracking accuracy and amazing look at such an affordable price range, a must buy Watch"
507,5,"Excellent Product
Excellent Quality
Very nice features which are also accurate
SPo2 is also accurate
Comfortable to wear all day
Can customize any image as an watchface
Only con is that we cannot reply to msgs or what'sApp msgs and can't even receive calls
Overall nice performance
Excellent product in this range..."
508,5,"Thank you flipkart for a wonderful service...at first..i got galaxy active 2 smartwatch which wasn't working...papa wanted to give me this watch as a birthday gift..so we explained this concern to one of the customer executive and she said flipcard will try its best for early replace of this watch..nd then we got delivery of new watch in just 3 days (one day before my bd)...so thanx a lot flipkart for that...

And this watch is a perfect in many ways...battery backup is good compare to what i..."
509,5,I have been using this watch for 10 days.This is better than most of the smart watches in the market currently.I am also using oppo watch.It has google os.I personally feel that galaxy watch's os(tizen) is better than google's(wear). It's user interface is very good.It's E sim is working very well.I can leave my mobile at home and can make and receive calls through this watch.I definitely recommend this watch over other watches.
510,5,"The Timeless design will instantly set u apart from others. Its a beautiful watch with all the basic activities. Main constraint is the battery which last approx 36 hours but apart from that every other aspect is 5 star.
The LTE set up with Jio was very smooth and can be easily configured using the Galaxy wearable app on the phone.
The display is vivid with true colors. Lots of watch faces available which makes it distinguishing and super stylish.
The speaker and microphone also does its job..."
511,5,You couldn’t get a better smart watch in this price segment. I own an Apple Watch LTE also. This however is recommended for day to day use. It’s a light weight watch and not too pricy for your pocket. It works! I got the Aluminium LTE variant on Flipkart during sale.
512,5,"Bought it for 16500. LTE aluminium version. So I felt its worth. Somehow I didn't research much abt LTE functionality with airtel. Surprisingly LTE standalone will work only with airtel postpaid sim itseems. Only jio will work with prepaid & postpaid itseems. So I don't want to switch to postpaid airtel.. hence am not able to use its entire feature. But Bluetooth calling works fine in prepaid airtel.
I'm yet to observe its pros & cons yet. Will update the review after a couple of month!"
513,4,"Samsung smartwatch is undoubtedly one of the best in the market , but disappointed with it ,as few essential features are missing
Firstly they should introduce fast charging option for their smartwatch which is very much essential feature these days
Secondly Oxygen saturation level SP02 is missing which need to be introduced soon , samsung should work on this as this is the need of the hour
Thirdly GPS should be inbuilt instead of buying it from app store
Fourthly Most of the good watch face..."
514,4,"So its been almost 2 weeks since I am using this watch. There are certain pros and cons of this watch which are as follows.

Pros :
1. The look and feel of the watch is pretty nice. It has some very good variety of watch faces also which can very well embellish the watch.

2. Support of considerable ammount of third party apps which are more than fitbit but slightly less than Apple watch.

3. Sleep tracking is pretty good and accurate.

4. Jio esim is also working seamlessly in the LTE model(..."
515,5,One of the best watch if you compare it with Samsung watch 3 there is no difference only spo2 sensor is missing and active 2 has 1.5 gb ram and watch 3 has only 1 gb ram so if you get lte version at 16740 it is the best deal and ecg and bp is working fine you can side load galaxy health monitor by seeing on youtube and its fitness tracking is so acturate and it auto detect workout and lte setup is also very easy if you jave samsung phone its hardlt takes me 2 minutes to setup lte on s20+ ...
516,5,"If u r looking for a feature rich and stylish smart watch, this is the choice. The bezel is not visible as it has got a stunning super amoled display and it digital touch bezel. You can leave your smart phone at home while wearing the watch with LTE option ( Jio prepaid is working well on this watch and it took me around 5 mins only to setup this feature).
overall satiafied with this product.
thaks flipkart for fast delivery."
517,4,"Its a absolutely stunning looking watch with almost all the features anyone would expect in a smart watch.
The one and only downside I faced personally is the personal voice assistant Bixby doesn't work with non- Samsung mobiles. I have a Mi A1 and was unable to make Bixby work on the watch. Apart from that everything else is good and especially the display is awesome."
518,4,"Giving Honest review after 6 days. Why after 6 days I was testing battery of this watch and it almost last for 6 days. As it is shown battery life upto 9 days last only for 6 days.

1) I have test each and every function of watch all of them are working nice and no problem found. However there is some sight difference in reading but it is ok.

2) Heart rate is monitoring on continues basis and provides approximately correct reading.

3)Touch is really smooth I haven't found any touch delay ..."
519,5,"Superb watch in budget category....U will get everything in this watch except call but in rs.3500 Worth it,Super built quality, Bright n cool display, amazing battery life,very good accuracy..."
520,4,"Awesome watch my wife like this in anniversary gift very much
Maximum features it have which should be in your smart watch now days

Watch faces are quite good and battery backup is awesome"
521,5,"Writing this after a week of usage.

Watch looks marvelous and elite.very soft to wear..
Great to wear, good brightness level and I charged it once after buying. (Checking pulse, O2 and stess 2 times a day and also set different workout type 3 times a day)
After thorough research I bought this because THIS IS THE ONLY WATCH WHICH SHOWS NO MEASUREMENT WHEN REMOVED.
all other watches in this range showed some pulse reading and also calculated O2 and showed randomly even after removal. Also cro..."
522,5,"Amazing product , Sleek design , Smooth operation of touch screen , Light weight, Good for measuring various daily activities and workout activities...Just Go For it...👍"
523,4,"Amazing watch. Very light weight, decent looks at this price. Perfect dial size as well as screen size. Better than Noise colour fit pro 3. But connection problem with phone."
524,5,What an amazing deal..This is more than you expect in this price range. Crystal clear display.. Huge list of activity tracking modes..more accurate heart and spO2 results. Got it for 3k in offer. Very impressed by the performance. Will gladly recommend this to someone.
525,4,"First impression was that dial is too small for my hand.

After a couple of hours user experience was fantastic.

So many workout features + sleep tracker + sp02+ stress level sensor+ plethora of options

Zepp app is cool

Overall a good watch at this price but I suggest you to invest 1500 more and go for 5000 range watch cuz they look good with round dial.

Final verdict : Great Smart band cum watch but definitely not a fully fledged smart match."
526,5,"First of all, I thank E-CART for their best service in packing and delivery. Keep up the Grt Work. My Reviews follows -

And coming to the sensors, it has Heart rate and SpO2 sensors along with a 6 axis accelerometer and other 64 Activities Tracking. Support Android and Apple OS.
1. The Heart rate sensor works fines with a margin of error of 2-3 beats per min.
2. The SpO2 sensor is not a gimmick, it works fine but not 100% accurate, it was of by nearly 2% every time.
** Both the sensors do n..."
527,5,"Nice. Watch . When I got this form flipkart then I bewildered ,,,, very good watch ,,,, good battery life. If you it use normal then it battery life is 15 days , but I recommend that to buy redmi 6 band because it have supper amoled display ,,,,, and many features in the watch....... But the watch is too good , I impress 👍👍👍👍"
528,5,Good Phone smart watch very good Bluetooth connectivity best smart watch go for it
529,5,Looking smartwatch amazing
530,5,Nice products
531,5,Lovely watch very stylish
532,1,It stop working after some days
533,5,Good quality
534,5,Superb
535,4,Strap is weak
536,1,It's not 4G watch
537,1,no same product
538,4,"Giving Honest review after 6 days. Why after 6 days I was testing battery of this watch and it almost last for 6 days. As it is shown battery life upto 9 days last only for 6 days.

1) I have test each and every function of watch all of them are working nice and no problem found. However there is some sight difference in reading but it is ok.

2) Heart rate is monitoring on continues basis and provides approximately correct reading.

3)Touch is really smooth I haven't found any touch delay ..."
539,4,"Awesome watch my wife like this in anniversary gift very much
Maximum features it have which should be in your smart watch now days

Watch faces are quite good and battery backup is awesome"
540,5,"Writing this after a week of usage.

Watch looks marvelous and elite.very soft to wear..
Great to wear, good brightness level and I charged it once after buying. (Checking pulse, O2 and stess 2 times a day and also set different workout type 3 times a day)
After thorough research I bought this because THIS IS THE ONLY WATCH WHICH SHOWS NO MEASUREMENT WHEN REMOVED.
all other watches in this range showed some pulse reading and also calculated O2 and showed randomly even after removal. Also cro..."
541,5,"Amazing product , Sleek design , Smooth operation of touch screen , Light weight, Good for measuring various daily activities and workout activities...Just Go For it...👍"
542,5,What an amazing deal..This is more than you expect in this price range. Crystal clear display.. Huge list of activity tracking modes..more accurate heart and spO2 results. Got it for 3k in offer. Very impressed by the performance. Will gladly recommend this to someone.
543,4,"Amazing watch. Very light weight, decent looks at this price. Perfect dial size as well as screen size. Better than Noise colour fit pro 3. But connection problem with phone."
544,4,"First impression was that dial is too small for my hand.

After a couple of hours user experience was fantastic.

So many workout features + sleep tracker + sp02+ stress level sensor+ plethora of options

Zepp app is cool

Overall a good watch at this price but I suggest you to invest 1500 more and go for 5000 range watch cuz they look good with round dial.

Final verdict : Great Smart band cum watch but definitely not a fully fledged smart match."
545,5,"First of all, I thank E-CART for their best service in packing and delivery. Keep up the Grt Work. My Reviews follows -

And coming to the sensors, it has Heart rate and SpO2 sensors along with a 6 axis accelerometer and other 64 Activities Tracking. Support Android and Apple OS.
1. The Heart rate sensor works fines with a margin of error of 2-3 beats per min.
2. The SpO2 sensor is not a gimmick, it works fine but not 100% accurate, it was of by nearly 2% every time.
** Both the sensors do n..."
546,5,"Nice. Watch . When I got this form flipkart then I bewildered ,,,, very good watch ,,,, good battery life. If you it use normal then it battery life is 15 days , but I recommend that to buy redmi 6 band because it have supper amoled display ,,,,, and many features in the watch....... But the watch is too good , I impress 👍👍👍👍"
547,5,Nice best watch don't look any other watch directly go for this it is value for money and high accuracy 6 day approx battery life best watch under 4k i got it for 3499 in offer . Build quality of the watch is good straps are very comfortable. I am very happy with this watch.
548,5,"Loved it totally, the Rose gold color, the features and the design of my smart watch. Thank u flipkart for delivering within 24 hours."
549,5,"Awesome Product. Good Accuracy, its very well worth in this range with so much features with warranty. Thanks Gionee & Flipkart."
550,3,"Max 3.5 stars for features and price 3K. No use of BP, its incorrect. SPO2 is fine not as accurate as my Noise SW. Colors are fine only two options, pink always NA. Tired Fire Boltt that seems better"
551,5,Good watch this price segment 1900 rs only watch features sp02 blood pressure heart rate body temperature overall good worth it don't think just buy now good gionee
552,4,"I gifted to my son he is happy
Nice product working good value for money"
553,4,"All the products are good, display quality is also good. But the G Buddy app is not connecting properly and that was the only flaw in gionee. Try to update that."
554,5,Its looks awesome 😍😍😍😍😍
555,5,It's very nice..I loved it 🥰
556,5,Amazing 😍 I love it 😘
557,3,"G-BUDDY IOS Application very poor..
Strap is very small in width....
Many issues are arising when connected to a I phone, like notifications does not seen in watch, incoming call alert option is not working properly..etc..."
558,5,"Have a doubt??? Don't be confused!
Here is my 💯% honest review after using 1 month!

1. Display ~ 4/5
2. Touch Response ~ 4/5
3. Strap Meterial ~ 4/5
4. Heart Measurements (BPM) ~ 4/5
5. SpO2 Level ~ 4/5
6. Battery Performance ~ 5/5
7. Water Resistant ~ 5/5
8. All Functions are working perfectly ~ 5/5

Trust me guys! You are getting everything in this price segment. This time NOISE changed whole assumptions...by providing a best pocket friendly SmartWatch. Go for it without any thinking.
..."
559,5,"I'm using for 7 days now n writing this review: very nice device, touch is also nice n design too look sober at this price point👌👍 msg are also visible clearly belt quality is durable hat's off to the noise team for such wonderful product n hope for more exciting products in future"
560,5,Product feels comfortable and nice to wear. It helps to have cooler looks as well overall I am satisfied with product
561,5,Awesome watch as given in picture... Using it since one month and I must say very good product in reasonable price
562,5,"Watch really has good features and very good battery back up, Best stylish smart watch in this price range. Request the company to include some more good watch faces."
563,5,"The product is stylish and wonderful in look. Light in weight, Comfortable to wear. good battery back up"
564,5,It ok i am using this smart watch after 2month its good better if u want smart watch go for noice brand i am satisfied very well thanks flipkart & thanks noice brand u can add alaram in this watch its more.....
565,5,"After 3 days using it , I am writing my review,
1. Looks is quit decent, it look pretty cool in my hand , so in looks its rating (10/10),
2.heart rate accuracy is very much accurate , can say 99%(10/10) .
3. Whereas the step count is not upto the mark, by shaking of
hand it had counted the steps(7/10)
4. Bluetooth conectivity is very much good.(10/10)
5. Magnetic charging is superb, battery life is good and even touch screen works perfectly.(10/10).
6. Call vibration and message aler..."
566,5,The product is pretty good in this price range....After the new update the watch is working very well.....I am very much satisfied with the product..
567,5,"At this price point it is s good smart watch.

Pros: looks really good, very lightweight, strap quality seems good, battery backup is excellent, many watchfaces, although display is not LED it is still ok, twist to on screen sensitivity is pretty good.

Cons: No GPS, No LED screen, charging docs take multiple trials to start charging, if you have very thin wrists it will feel lose (specially for females)

Conclusion: At this point there is only two good options amazefit bipS and this one. If..."
568,5,I am a watch collector and I have a great collection of smart watches. But I must say that under this price Fire-Boltt tops the list ! I really loved this super cool Fire-Boltt Smartwatch! At the time of this pandemic it is important that we keep a track of our Blood Oxygen levels. This smart watch measures my blood oxygen levels way faster and accurate than any other smart watch. This is the only smartwatch (under this pricing) that has SPO2 function + Measures heartbeat + Calculates Blood...
569,5,"I got this watch 10 days back and it is super amazing. I really love this super cool Fire-Boltt Smartwatch! This smart watch measures my blood oxygen levels way faster and accurate than any other smart watch. This is the only smartwatch (under this pricing) that has SPO2 function, Measures heartbeat & Calculates Blood Pressure. It notifies me about my calls and I can even control the music and camera with this watch. It has 7 different sports mode and has a powerful battery backup of 8 days..."
570,5,"Fire-Boltt Smart Watch is a steal at this price. No other smart watch provides such amazing features at this price. The feature that I adored the most is Spo2. I was astounded by it's accuracy. It also monitors my heartbeat and blood pressure with same accuracy. With good battery backup of 8 days and 7 different sports mode I am in love with my new watch. It is quite fashionable, lightweight, flexible and sturdy. I have been using it for over a week now and I strongly recommend it to anyone w..."
571,5,"I bought this amazing smart watch from Fire-Boltt and it's a really good sports smart watch. Main attraction is sleek, lightweight design accompanied by it's SPO2 function. With 100+ watch faces, this is the best watch under this price. I have had no problems till now. This supercool watch has 7 sportsmode. It has a battery back up of 8 days. I would have to say this watch has made my life easier it's so much efficient to use a smartwatch and the best thing about Fire-Boltt watch is it's supe..."
572,5,"I am absolutely in love with my new watch. It does not betray me at any point. This premium quality smart watch has an excellent Bluetooth connectivity, it gets automatically connected to my phone. It's an awesome product from Fire-Boltt. With a 1.4 HD displayIt has a powerful battery bacbackup
kup of 8 days. It does not betray me at any point, also has motion sensors meaning when you move up your hand to see the time the screen automatically lights up which is a really cool and amazing feat..."
573,5,"I've been using various brands smart watches before and I would say this one is the be(a)st among all! Fantabulous product with multiple features. I would recommend others to go for it without any second choice!
Thanks to Fire-Boltt and Flipkart team for making this purchase an wonderful experience ..!"
574,5,"I got this watch yesterday, I loved this watch as I got all features in one watch for what I am looking for like BP monitor, Heart rate monitor, and specially spo2.. It's just amazing smart watch in this range with all function. Really value for money!!👍"
575,4,"Definitely a good watch with stylish design and strong build. At this price range it's the best. Though I think the app needs some improvement because of the following reasons-
1. Doesn't track sleep accurately.
2. Doesn't track steps accurately and you won't be able to see the steps changing as you walk.
3. Doesn't link to Google fit.

Also you can't change the music if any of the training program is on which I feel is a little inconvenient. But overall the watch is worth buying and the po..."
576,5,"My experience with Fire-Boltt Smart Watch has been top notch. I got this watch at 50% discount on Flipkart. The performance of this watch is great. The best part about this watch is how accurately it measures my Blood Oxygen levels (Spo2), Blood Pressure and BPM (beats per minute). The construction is super lightweight and feels very premium. The HD display is bright and has been keeping up pretty well even under direct sunlight. It has a powerful battery back up of 8 days and I have used it ..."
577,4,"It looks super cool and working fine as of now. I got it yesterday and am using it continuesly since then battery reduced by just 10%. I tracked my steps and sleep, heart rate, BP, Oxygen level everything is working fine. Hoping the same quality in future too. I will rewrite my review if product doesn't work in future.
Thank you ☺️👍"
578,5,Awesome - 3rd Gen from the noise is as expected it give you an awesome experience. Great work guys
579,4,Eye catching watch. Really beautiful specially this rose gold colour is so fascinating. Must got for this watch. For the price it's great. Just a little lage may be coz I'm an iPhone user . Else it's fabulous
580,3,I am using this product on my iphone ... it is so cool. I have also used today in gym it shows good activity tracking also has best display really loved it. And the notifications systems are so great . Totally the product is best in this price and display really loved full star ⭐️ . Thank uh NoiseFit
581,5,"Pros-
- accurate values
- Feels premium except for the power button
-Decent battery life(4-5 days with 24/7 health monitoring system)
- good display..... Can't compete with amoleds but for a LCD it's too good
- good watch faces
-very light

Cons
- bluetooth connection is not that stable , like it keeps connecting and disconnecting when u pair your phone with a third device
- I wish I could accept and silent the calls also when the phone is connected to my airdopes.

Verdict- I like it very ..."
582,5,"Color fit pro3 is best and best watch!!
It's a gift for me..i love it.The watch is good in everything like display, its tracking activity overall fit perfect in wrist just go for it!"
583,5,"One of the best budget Smartwatch . It has all the necessary features in this price range .
Heart rate and the other monitoring feature show’s the accurate results . Very happy with the product ❤️

Tips : In the beginning charge it full to get better results."
584,5,"A brilliant smart watch in the price segment, delivered in 1 days - Thanks to flipkart and Delhivery for fastest delivery. Watch has excellent features and the display is very good."
585,5,"Smart watch with premium look , nice features , gud quality and also in affordable price..i love it ❤️"
586,5,"What an amazing watch, superb connectivity, tracking accuracy and amazing look at such an affordable price range, a must buy Watch"
587,5,"Excellent Product
Excellent Quality
Very nice features which are also accurate
SPo2 is also accurate
Comfortable to wear all day
Can customize any image as an watchface
Only con is that we cannot reply to msgs or what'sApp msgs and can't even receive calls
Overall nice performance
Excellent product in this range..."
588,3,"pros-
1)A very classy and attractive watch.
2)Accurate steps count.
3)Light weight.
4)Good strap quality.
cons-
1)Heart sensor is not at all accurate ..it will give false reading most of the time.
2) screen size is small and the display is not that great as compared to mi band or honour where you get oled display.
3)The message notification and call notification has a very poor presentable display theme ,it feels like you are using a 200 rs cheap product.
4)while controlling your music player..."
589,4,"Stylish ...worth buying. Very good product according to budget. Very light weight, band is very flexible and good quality. It can serve ur health queries and a style statement too... Must buy."
590,5,"Best smart watch in this price range 💥
And the display was perfectly maintain the brightness in outdoor also
And the best part is the looks 💥
Very light weight
Starp was comfortable
But the only complaint from all user of this watch is
Please add more watch faces it could be better."
591,5,A awesome watch. Nice product & good features. Liked it.
592,4,"the watch is decent looking 80% looks like Apple watch it is bit smaller than Apple watch good product
stepcount is not proper but nice at price point the material used is very light and also have fear to bymistakly break it"
593,2,"Not so good as i expected, Noice Colorfit pro is much better than Pro 2. Design is good, very light and comfort to wear. I was purchased Colorfit pro 1 month back that i have gift to my father. today i purchased colorfit pro 2, i thought it will be some advance feature than colorfit pro, but its dissapointed to me. touch is too lazy, battery also not much good as a colorfit pro. When i call to someone the watch not showing any thing even in colorfit pro do that. incoming call notification al..."
594,4,"Looks nice but it has not feature to control music volume just you can change music through watch. Some time you feel lagging but it is not , it has that type of operating system but look wise no compromise, looks really good . Overall its good not best"
595,1,"bieng unbaised i would like to bring so.e most important points of this smart watch.
looks are good😎 ...build up quality is also good..😘

but one of the most important reason we buy smart watch to track our activities and to get notifications from your smartphone,
😣in this watch the biggest drawback is the conectivity..not even 5min watch remain conected with mobile...
😕every now and then we have start the app and then connect the watch..
display size is very small😥
in direct sunlight we..."
596,5,"the watch is best for you it looks awesome on hand and is easy to use and handle battery life is decent and screen brightness is also decent look Wise i give it 10/09 strap quality is skin friendly information is not that accurate it lacks with features like wether, additional screen face overall its is value for money ❣️"
597,5,Very good watch. It looks awesome on hand and easy to use.The watch is perfectly cool and worth the price.Comfortable to wear for a long time. Must buy. All features are just fantastic ❤️😍...
598,4,A great deal. Just osm. Only need to upgrade to customize lock wallpaper and this watch can't show you weather and this function missing in this watch over all perfect and feel good on hand look ditto I watch
599,3,"Pros: (1) The screen resolution is good, better than expected ( 2) watch is light weight and build quality is really good. (3) Battery life is amazing it actually last for approx 10 days without any charge with all features on. (4) step counter is accurate, almost near to some branded fitness bands.

cons: (1) options of adding wallpapers should more, there are only 4 and you can not change it. (2) GBuddy app is ver very basic, surprisingly you can also use Veryfit app as well. GBuddy and ver..."
600,5,"Best in category..!!!
All features are loaded which are for Physical exercise including running exercise walk drive etc.
Loaded with GPS ,heartbeat sensor ,battery saver mode and many more.
I bought this watch only for running purpose beacuse i cant carry mobile while running ,so i go for smart watch and specially Gionee and it fully statisfied with its preloaded feature which are very useful for a runner.
And it fits best in class and beats all others gadgets in thid category. Others are als..."
601,3,"pro : good looking watch ,
good build quality
step count is Very accurate
the sleep tracking also works well for me
however the watch disconnects from phone after some hours automatically and I am not sure about the heart rate sensor ."
602,4,"After using it for one month I am reviewing this watch.
-Battery back up is really good.
-It has a nice display but only 4 preinstalled wallpapers are there.
-It tracks heart rate, steps, and other activities.
-iF connected with phone through bluetooth then it gives WhatsApp, twitter, Instagram notifications.
-it gives call notifications as well but u cannot use it to recieve calls.

If you want to connect it to ur phone first you need to download gbuddy app there's isn't any other way.

Wo..."
603,4,"Very nice watch.
All is very good. Screen. Touch awesome.
At this price. It feels like iwatch in hand.
Metal body and flexible strap. For sure you will love it.
Gifted my wife and she is soo happy to have this"
604,5,"Excellent product... value for money💰..
Cons
few watch faces...
basic app..
Heart rate is detected even wen not worn.

Pros
connection is stable.
light weight
touch is smooth
gud pixel n display is visible in bright daylight..
detachable straps.
step count is almost accurate.


over all impression abt watch is EXCELLENT"
605,5,"Thank you Gionee For giving wonderful smart watch... calls, SMS, Watsapp all are reading in smart watch... thank you flipkart for fast delivery ... this is marvellous product... go for it.. all.. thank ,GadwalPradeep, Gangavathi..,"
606,4,"Good smart watch, value for the money. perfectly working.
G buddy app is not available in the play store.
but you can download it from the Gionee website."
607,4,Awesome Smart watch at this price tag. Just ensure that you download the Buddy App from Gionee website before trying to connect. Pulse or heart rate reading is 95% correct unlike what other reviewers have written. Objective is to achieve a healthy Lifestyle rather than show-off. Get it and get going.😁
608,5,Super cyxus 4g smart watch
609,5,"It's quality is best and it has other' app like Facebook, what's app etc and battery also good...."
610,4,My nephew liked it when I gifted him said wow
611,5,Good
612,5,I like whatch
613,5,Nice watch.jabar10
614,5,Nice
615,3,"Good work, but bateri quality is poor"
616,5,Nice watch
617,1,Totally freezes....it doesn't work for even a minute... worst watch among all of them...
618,4,"Giving Honest review after 6 days. Why after 6 days I was testing battery of this watch and it almost last for 6 days. As it is shown battery life upto 9 days last only for 6 days.

1) I have test each and every function of watch all of them are working nice and no problem found. However there is some sight difference in reading but it is ok.

2) Heart rate is monitoring on continues basis and provides approximately correct reading.

3)Touch is really smooth I haven't found any touch delay ..."
619,4,"Awesome watch my wife like this in anniversary gift very much
Maximum features it have which should be in your smart watch now days

Watch faces are quite good and battery backup is awesome"
620,5,"Writing this after a week of usage.

Watch looks marvelous and elite.very soft to wear..
Great to wear, good brightness level and I charged it once after buying. (Checking pulse, O2 and stess 2 times a day and also set different workout type 3 times a day)
After thorough research I bought this because THIS IS THE ONLY WATCH WHICH SHOWS NO MEASUREMENT WHEN REMOVED.
all other watches in this range showed some pulse reading and also calculated O2 and showed randomly even after removal. Also cro..."
621,5,"Amazing product , Sleek design , Smooth operation of touch screen , Light weight, Good for measuring various daily activities and workout activities...Just Go For it...👍"
622,5,What an amazing deal..This is more than you expect in this price range. Crystal clear display.. Huge list of activity tracking modes..more accurate heart and spO2 results. Got it for 3k in offer. Very impressed by the performance. Will gladly recommend this to someone.
623,4,"Amazing watch. Very light weight, decent looks at this price. Perfect dial size as well as screen size. Better than Noise colour fit pro 3. But connection problem with phone."
624,4,"First impression was that dial is too small for my hand.

After a couple of hours user experience was fantastic.

So many workout features + sleep tracker + sp02+ stress level sensor+ plethora of options

Zepp app is cool

Overall a good watch at this price but I suggest you to invest 1500 more and go for 5000 range watch cuz they look good with round dial.

Final verdict : Great Smart band cum watch but definitely not a fully fledged smart match."
625,5,"First of all, I thank E-CART for their best service in packing and delivery. Keep up the Grt Work. My Reviews follows -

And coming to the sensors, it has Heart rate and SpO2 sensors along with a 6 axis accelerometer and other 64 Activities Tracking. Support Android and Apple OS.
1. The Heart rate sensor works fines with a margin of error of 2-3 beats per min.
2. The SpO2 sensor is not a gimmick, it works fine but not 100% accurate, it was of by nearly 2% every time.
** Both the sensors do n..."
626,5,"Nice. Watch . When I got this form flipkart then I bewildered ,,,, very good watch ,,,, good battery life. If you it use normal then it battery life is 15 days , but I recommend that to buy redmi 6 band because it have supper amoled display ,,,,, and many features in the watch....... But the watch is too good , I impress 👍👍👍👍"
627,5,Nice best watch don't look any other watch directly go for this it is value for money and high accuracy 6 day approx battery life best watch under 4k i got it for 3499 in offer . Build quality of the watch is good straps are very comfortable. I am very happy with this watch.
628,5,"Loved it totally, the Rose gold color, the features and the design of my smart watch. Thank u flipkart for delivering within 24 hours."
629,5,"Awesome Product. Good Accuracy, its very well worth in this range with so much features with warranty. Thanks Gionee & Flipkart."
630,3,"Max 3.5 stars for features and price 3K. No use of BP, its incorrect. SPO2 is fine not as accurate as my Noise SW. Colors are fine only two options, pink always NA. Tired Fire Boltt that seems better"
631,5,Good watch this price segment 1900 rs only watch features sp02 blood pressure heart rate body temperature overall good worth it don't think just buy now good gionee
632,4,"I gifted to my son he is happy
Nice product working good value for money"
633,4,"All the products are good, display quality is also good. But the G Buddy app is not connecting properly and that was the only flaw in gionee. Try to update that."
634,5,Its looks awesome 😍😍😍😍😍
635,5,It's very nice..I loved it 🥰
636,5,Amazing 😍 I love it 😘
637,3,"G-BUDDY IOS Application very poor..
Strap is very small in width....
Many issues are arising when connected to a I phone, like notifications does not seen in watch, incoming call alert option is not working properly..etc..."
638,5,"AOpen 24CL1Y 23.8"" Monitor is a great product by Acer with 3 years of warranty. Excellent quality in this price range as compared to other companies in the market. I have connected it to my laptop and have an awesome viewing experience. Box included HDMI and power cable in it. Worth buy!"
639,5,"Ultimate monitor, better than benq 24 inch IPS monitor. I got it for 6200 rs, it's 75 hz and has high contrast and good colors like ips tv. Lift one is benq and right one is this monitor"
640,5,"Bang for your buck !
I bought a 27 inch bezel less monitor. It broke from edge even at slight pressure, then I reliased , don't go for aesthetics , go for solid build quality, and that is what this monitor delivers .
No edge bleeding. After few settings tweek , picture becomes vibrant. Good for work from home purpose. Mind it , it's not a gaming monitor, nor a picture editing monitor, has a 8 bit panel, so expect accordingly.
Only con I can think off for WFH purpose is , it has only 1 hdmi po..."
641,5,"One of the best monitors I have ever seen, considering the price. It has everything that you need for work or a mid end gaming PC. 1080p IPS display refreshing at 75hz is a sweet spot for budget gamers. The screen is surprisingly good and had no bleeding issues. If you have an AMD GPU, you can also benefit from FreeSync. There are minor hurdles with the monitor, mainly around the ""difficult to operate"" controls. As long as you don't need to change the monitor settings frequently, you don't ha..."
642,5,"Awesome bright FHD 24inch display in this range from ACER, best for day to day work, gaming and other multimedia purposes. Recommend to all, buy it without hesitation."
643,5,"Really good monitor at this price range and it's IPS with good viewing angles and the most important one is it's 75hz free sync with HDMI. I like it's color production, if you r low on budget go for it it's definitely worth it....."
644,4,"Good. Value for money monitor. Nice ips panel, bright and rich colours. It has AMD sync feature and multiple colour and contrast settings.

Improvement needed. The base is very old fashioned and extremely light and not struddy. But there is wall mount option. No height adjustment. If they would haven given speakers as in some other Acer monitors it would have been good to connect fire TV stick directly and watch."
645,5,"The best product you can find in this price range build quality is not that strong but keeping this monitor at a place has nothing to do with that. A good IPS display monitor with led backlight and has good viewing angle of 178° so does what's written. Has a refresh rate of 75Hz when enabled on monitor and game both at 1080p colors are very good and being of 23.8"" at this budget it's the only one. One word for many it's a budget King where other TN panel monitors are 21"" at this price range i..."
646,5,Iam happe
647,5,Nice love it
648,4,"good product , sound need to be improved , sound is given by company but not useful. but all other things are vary good , i love this product in this range
it is actually lcd moniter with led backlight, when black. colour comes on screen it looks too darker like almoded display"
649,4,Nice on price worth! but not good for long view / side view I have purchased it for the purpose of a TV in my room. Sound quality is low less bass and volume over all loved it!
650,5,The product was great I am loving it and it's working properly and nice packaging nice monitor
651,4,Happy With the quick delivery of flipkart. But the actual resolution of the monitor is 1366 x 768 not 1600 x 900 as written on the description.so beware of that. And the other thing. I only got this product today so I can't say more about this monitor. But I can say one thing for sure this monitor is pretty much satisfactory for its cost. Maybe I will re-edit this review after using this product for some days.
652,5,Amazing work good quality display mind-blowing super fast delivery
653,3,"I am little bit angry. This is LCD Monitor not HD + LED described by your heading line.

Speaker have no sound.

Lastly I love it ❤️ ... because LCD 19.5 inch good and fit with the price.
Nice Packaging.

Thank you Flipkart."
654,5,"I am writing this review after making fair and reasonable used the Monitor for 1 month.

The product quantity:
The Acer monitor is a good quality monitor. I am satisfied with the product. It is running fine till date. It is promptly delivered as described in the Flipkart. I say my sincere thanks to Acer Team and Flipkart team."
655,4,"Ok, good product but not same as said. It is a hd display not a hd+ display. They also don't gave me screw to mount it to wall.But the best thing is the hdmi port. I personally love it. 1 year onsite warranty and 2 year maintainance warranty."
656,5,"Although the monitor is great, and very vibrant, I would like to suggest the seller to change the product detail as this monitor only support vga and hdmi input and not dvi as shown in pictures, and another thing, the mac resolution is 1344 x 728 and not 1600 x 900 as mentioned on the details page. Other than that, it's a very good monitor with a little wider fov."
657,4,perfect one ...but sound quality is not so good enough but can manage to hear a low audible voice well in this price it's an awesome gives flowless 60 Hz well if can manage to go a 2k would recommend ips screen those who are buying for gaming would be satisfied but would enjoy the gaming feeling well for using with setup box it's nice it's has HDMI VGA and 1 in and out 3.5mm jack
658,5,The monitor was pretty awesome after upgrading from a 60hz monitor to a 165hz . I tried csgo and valorant it was a pretty huge difference you can also feel the smoothness and the colour contrast was awesome as it has a IPS panel quite awesome deal it is
659,5,I don't know much as i used to have a 17 inch and 60 hz monitor but after buying this it feels like i have the smoothest PC in the world (i know there are better monitors and stuff but pretty good for a gamer ) but the speakers is kind of useless its sooo low in volume
660,5,Excellent monitor! Made my games look so smooth without a graphic card! I am currently using Ryzen 3400G APU and with the freesync enabled it works perfect! And another feature is it's speakers which are usually not available in this segment. They sound great!
661,5,"Very good monitor. Next day delivery. Its almost bezel less on the sides. Very premium with brushed finish on the back. I can even set 4k resolution at 60fps, however 165fps is for 1080p. Good solid buy @ 10.5k price."
662,5,"I have upgraded from aoc 60 hz TN monitor to acer nitro 165hz ips monitor which gives a huge difference. Through hdmi am getting 144hz refresh rate , to get full 165 hz use dp cable . Overall fabulous monitor!!"
663,5,"Updated model of Vg240p.

Pros : better refresh rate(144->165hz)
VRB is helpful to reduce motion blur, good colour reproduction, speakers added, Dp cable added.


Cons : plain moniter stand, you can't adjust the height and you will have problem placing moniter close to you due to V shaped stand that might get in way for Mouse/keyboard



!BEWARE OF THE SCREEN IT IS VERY DELICATE ,SIMPLE TOUGH MIGHT BREAK THE SCREEN A PART.!"
664,5,Really awsm monitor 1st tym upgrading to 165hz really smooth and good quality product IPS display is always good gaming in this monitor really smooth
665,5,"Great monitor for 9.5k
Has amazing build
Has amazing display
ansd very crisp speakers

Everything is included in the box,if you get for 10 or even 11 k its worth"
666,5,1 of the best monitor from budget
667,5,Every thing is perfect nd got with dp cable which is awsome
668,5,Very good monitor and I am using it at least for 12 hours daily for office work for last three months and still working perfectly. Graphics is very good suitable for all graphics work also.
669,4,"Wonderful products. I purchased at around Rs. 7100. It's decent at that price point.

Pros

- Bezel-less screen
- Mat finish so no reflection from behind
- Tilt display
- Great viewing angels
- Sharp colors

Cons

- Can't wall mount
- Not a telescopic, can't increase the height"
670,5,Amazing monitor. Perfect addon for my laptop at work. Display is bright and images are crystal clear. Would highly recommend it
671,4,perfect 👌
672,5,Very good 👍
673,5,Awesome monitoe... Display quality is very good and also optimises according to display need
674,5,"Superb quality, fastest delivery, worth buying Thanks Flipkart"
675,3,awasome product got it 6.8k
676,2,"Movies night scenes are not at all visible, not good for watching movies"
677,4,Good monitor for desktop
678,4,"Review using this monitor for last 2 weeks. I needed a monitor to use along with my laptop. My requirement was an 18.5"" HD Monitor with HDMI port .. I was also on a tight budget as I indent to use to for a short duration during my quarantine. This model ticks all right boxes and price was also reasonable (Rs.4799). I am using it as an extended monitor for my laptop ,mainly for coding and occasionally watching YouTube videos. This one perfectly suitable for my requirement and t..."
679,4,This Lenovo LED backlit monitor is ideal for prolong office usage brightness not too much sharp eye comfort mode works well HDMI port is useful to other devices connectivity option lightweight and slim shaped beautiful monitor with less bezel must buy for pc and cctv camera footage view purpose
680,5,Good
681,5,Very nice and the picture quality is very nice
682,5,"It Very good prooduct iliked very much
I can use like tv accha product ha"
683,1,Worst quality
684,5,Good monitor + hdmi + powercable
685,2,I am very upset because monitor is coming without power cord. So l am very unhappy
686,1,Missing Power cable and VGA cable in the box
687,3,Vga cable and power cable are missing other than this ok
688,5,"Quality is good viewing angles are also good IPS panel display but the sound output is very less, lesser than the mobile phone, inbuilt speakers are useless,One VGA input and one HDMI , also the auto matic brighness feature also working well comparing the price with other available in the market the product is very good."
689,4,"Let's start with real world performance. The monitor looks chic and the slim bezels wows. The brightness is adequate and colours pop decently. The image is pretty sharp too. Now coming to the more technical side, the monitor can be easily over clocked to 75Hz for a smoother gaming experience. I got the monitor for Rs 7700 in sale and at this price it's a steal!!"
690,5,"A perfect monitor for content creators and students and IT employees. It's been 3 months now working great for me, and you can customize the view angle and adjust for eye vision. Thanks flipkart and local delivery person Mr.Meganathan for the speedy and secure delivery!!!"
691,5,"Giving review after 10 days. I am satisfied with this monitor. If you are looking for office work then its great choice. I bought this after reading review. Eye care technology is good. Whenever you go near the monitor sensor detects motion and will adjust brightness. There is sensor attached below monitor that manage the brightness as per your body distance.

Speaker is not good and to be honest you cant expect good speaker in this price range. After all i know you are going to attach exte..."
692,3,"It's an ok item, not best in class. Speaker is useless you can not listen music even if you are alone in your house, picture quality is not up to the mark. If you want to watch some content on your monitor so it is not for you.it is good for office work only. Aap it is an OK item but it is Good by price point. Make sure Don't Go by seeing Eye Care option it's also useless. Picture quality is really near to bad. But not bad at all."
693,5,"Monitor is well built and IPS panel is good enough for multimedia consumption and development purposes.

Pros:
1. BI sensor works really great. It adjusts the colour temperatures automatically based on room brightness.
2. Auto turn off feature works just as advertised. It Saves power consumption when it is sitting idle.
3. Quality HDMI cable is given in the box.
4. Out of the box settings are sufficient enough to use it without any extra efforts.

Cons:
1. Monitor wake up time is too ..."
694,5,after reading all reviews i brought this monitor.true eye care monitor picture clarity awesome after updating display drivers mind blowing colors full hd resolution really worth for money ips panel flicker free eyecare 5ms 60hz fhd display vga hdmi display port . gamers dont buy this monitor. for
695,5,Was looking for options in more popular brands and a local retailer suggested that BenQ is worthy one. Multiple input/output options makes it very convenient. Upto the expectation. Eye care technology is of great value.
696,5,"I just received this product, product is good.
Package contains - HDMI wire, Power Cord, Stand Base, Stand Top, Led Monitor.

I setup-ed this product in just 5-10 min. without using any screwdriver.
As i saw many videos and reviews regarding its problem like screen bleeding, but i did not found any kind of issue. its my first day and review adding after usage of 2 hours.

In-built speaker is good but not for movie or other stuff. if you work on system and wanna listen some music you can do ..."
697,5,Best Quality Display at this price range. Using this as a secondary monitor. Colors are so pure and everything looks so amazing. Would highly recommend this to anyone.
698,4,"At first i got a damaged product but flipkart was fast in arranging a replacement.
The replacement effort really increased my faith in online purchases.
Thank you flipkart.

Monitor is good at this price.
You can see some pixelation of text but images look fine.
If you are looking for a big screen at a low price and ready to compromise a little on text quality go for it."
699,5,Extremely satisfied been using for 3 weeks
700,5,"Very good product
Must buy"
701,5,"Low price, gud quality"
702,5,According to price range it's very amazing
703,3,"Delivery was on time. Packaging was good. Flipkart was good.

If I come to product itself,
One pixel was dead. Thought of returning. But kept the monitor.


Also I was used to IPS monitor; the display was superior to VA panel of this monitor. So giving 3 star."
704,5,Nice product. Not expected
705,4,Worth for the money.
706,1,Just 10 days display shows lining very disappointed.
707,5,Great monitor with a great price. Highly recommended.
708,4,"A must have for people who work on coding or your office work. You can have the screen tilted in any direction you like. You can get other monitors for cheaper price but make sure you get a stand like this.

The downside the cables which comes along with it are of no use. You won't be able to make it work with you laptop. I have a z book which has almost all the connectors available but the cables which comes along with this monitor doesn't work at all."
709,5,"Brought for 9899 Big Savings Day May 2021

Pros
Highly adjustable stand.
Bezel less 24"" good quality display
Usb hub with 2 3.0 on side (use it for pendrive and all) and 2 2.0s on back side (connected ny keyboard and mouse to it)
Cons (nitpicking ofcourse)
No audio out
No HDMI cable included
No included speakers"
710,4,Nice Product. Suitable for work from home. It does not have HDMI Cable in the package. We need to buy it as a separate one. But overall nice monitor for Work From Home with good budget
711,5,"Really good quality product. But remember, you have to Calibrate it at the beginning, which is pretty easy too! Awesome build quality. Colour, Saturation & Sharpness is just the perfect!

Important Note: If connected over HDMI, change the default 'RGB' mode to 'YCbCr' to achieve an accurate blackness of the screen, resulting in to perfect Saturation."
712,4,"Awesome got only rs.11609
One of the best For coding work."
713,5,one of the best mountain this price range
714,5,"Monitor is awesome looks great. Pendrive option on side of monitor.
For purchasing monitor before identify graphics card compatible with monitor cables.
Pros:display port cable, USB to blue color like LAN port cable
Cons: lack of HDMI cable, VGA cable"
715,5,super..... i am work in Adobe Photoshop...
716,1,"Guys please don't buy from ZRPL. They are the worst seller's. Please avoid purchasing from this seller.
They provided very big 3pin connector which is generally used for heater and heavy duty works. I have seen other dell monitors but they dont have this much big 3pin connector.
Sometimes buttons are not working. Pixel color correction are not proper."
717,5,Very impressive
718,5,The monitor is aesthetically very pleasing with minimum bezzel around the sides except the bottom. The display quality is very good and the colours are fairly accurate. The monitor can be tilted as per liking and has a sturdy base. The monitor is best suited for office and home use with general computing works. It has speakers but they are very tiny and not useful but it has audio output for attaching external speakers.
719,5,"It's been a month, i m using the monitor, its working very well, the IPS panel is really nice, viewing angles, colour, sharpness everything is good. Reading, browsing, watching YouTube videos can be done smoothly. Speaker volume is too low but i don't really need them.
What i didn't like about the monitor is that it takes almost 5 seconds to turn on.
Other than that its amazing so i'm rating 5 starts wanted to rate 4.75 but there's no option, so 5 it is."
720,5,Good Colors. Value For Money Product.
721,1,Nowhere in the description or on the box it mentions that 16A sized 3pin cable is included with monitor. That size is used for Fridge/Microwave etc and doesn't fit in a regular 3 pin socket. Can not use this monitor without buying a convertor now. Highly disappointing that this is not mentioned in any of the product details.
722,5,fabulous product
723,4,Good
724,4,"After using for one day, I can say this monitor is fine but you have purchase a 6 Amp power cable seperately around Rs120, because the power pable provided with the is of 16Amp which does not fit the switch board."
725,5,"Good monitor for daily browsing. Auto eye care technology with 2 hdmi Port. No hdmi cable including but a dvi cable in this package . Sound is very weak. But u have audio output near hdmi Port
I got it 7.2 k in festival day s . screen is good.also have auto detect input."
726,4,Best
727,3,Moniter sounde not working. Speaker comblaind. But good moniter
728,5,"1 Own 3 of these and I must say.....Benq is best at display...Really gives you paperlike feeling at reading mode. Reading text was never so better..On the other hand, the IPS panel of this gives you incredible display with decent black levels that we are used to.
If you buy these you will feel style dropping off from these.Its beautiful ;)...Loving it.
PLEASE NOTE: THIS IS AUSTRALIAN IMPORT SO NO INDIAN POWER CABLE.........................."
729,4,"The monitor was worth an investment. The display is nice and the screen area cover is good too. I am yet to discover all the display features but the options of brightness to be set for reading, net surfing, etc is a good one. To customize brightness, etc is something which I don't see as of now."
730,5,Good product with good price . I recommend to buy it. I love it becoz of its picture quality and style.
731,5,best in its class. wonderful colours and stunning display. perfect for editing photos and gaming. good movie experience as well.
732,5,"Excellent quality. Very thin bezel with matte finish screen. Viewing angle is amazing and there is no light reflection on screen. Good design as well, since it got small dedicated cable line to hide it on back of the monitor. Great texture design on back of monitor as well for aesthetic appearance. 100% satisfied. Go for it!"
733,5,I purchased this product. this product meets my expectation. It's design is elegant. It supports for eye care mode which is good. Overall product is satisfactory to me. the build is good and minimalist
734,5,Excellent product
735,1,I order the product 25 days before today eve display not working😠 very disappointing 😞😞
736,4,"Good prodcut for this price, can have a wide 27 inch view and good for your second monitor.
Only problem which I feel to buy this as a first monitor for your PC is the resolution is not enough for the display size."
737,5,good quality perfect design stylish monitor
738,4,"At first i got a damaged product but flipkart was fast in arranging a replacement.
The replacement effort really increased my faith in online purchases.
Thank you flipkart.

Monitor is good at this price.
You can see some pixelation of text but images look fine.
If you are looking for a big screen at a low price and ready to compromise a little on text quality go for it."
739,5,Extremely satisfied been using for 3 weeks
740,5,"Very good product
Must buy"
741,5,According to price range it's very amazing
742,5,"Low price, gud quality"
743,3,"Delivery was on time. Packaging was good. Flipkart was good.

If I come to product itself,
One pixel was dead. Thought of returning. But kept the monitor.


Also I was used to IPS monitor; the display was superior to VA panel of this monitor. So giving 3 star."
744,5,Nice product. Not expected
745,1,It doesn't produce any sound output... Dont buy if you are going to connect audio to it.
746,4,Worth for the money.
747,1,Just 10 days display shows lining very disappointed.
748,5,"Awesome - may be 3w Speaker - sound is too good . Initially i thought it was on lower side. Later I adjusted the sound and its good enough for a Room
Look and feel of monitor is Good and as expected
Packing is really good and delivered before the due date"
749,5,"Very nice Monitor. It has VGA, HDMI even DVI too. Decent speaker(may be a 3watt). Very flexible. We can adjust the height and tilt 30 degrees."
750,5,"Don't think twice. Good monitor in this price range. Decent speakers
Awesome display
Hight adjustment is really worth and especially needed for WFH."
751,5,Good perfamens thank you flipkart
752,5,"Thank you HP, such a wonderful monitor with inbuilt speakers"
753,5,Nice and bright panle but I was expecting more pixel clear image. The pixels visible from usual distance. Pixels density needs improvement
754,4,"Very sencitive, be careful while setup and moving from one place to another."
755,5,Excellent monitor. Value for money
756,4,Good but little bit costly
757,5,"well packed. thanks flipkart!

I was looking for better 24 inch monitor within 10k with multiple ports & speaker and this monitor satisfies my need. Got this during Big Billion day. From my perspective this is okay for both entertainment & working purpose at this price range. It looks sturdy & I am satisfied with build quality also. I have picked this after exploring many monitors at this price range and moreover I have HP laptop which makes to prioritize this. Thanks."
758,3,"Good entry level gaming monitor, Using it about a month now, recommended for those who love fps games.The description is Wrong its not an ips panel its a TN panel check asus website for accurate details. IPS will never achieve a 1ms response time, also 16ms is the min possible response time acheievd on a 60hz display. Visual quality is not good as an IPS panel display you will need to tweak the display for best colours and quality"
759,5,"A fairly good Monitor at this price range!!
but if you are buying it to play fps game then go for something smaller like a 19.5 inch screen 900p resolution monitor!
this is super good everything is great. but as i was a 14.5"" monitor user before this one. i am having difficulties playing csgo on this. but with time i'll get use to it!!
overall a great deal and best monitor in under 10k range"
760,5,"Amazing product with 1 ms response time. It has a decent speaker as well. Its pretty good tbh. For those who are saying no speaker they just dont know how to set it up. Use either a HDMI cable or the 3.5mm cable(which is provided in the box) for audio.
No HDMI cable provided in the box tho. The viewing angles are pretty good for something without an ips display. The only thing is that its 60hz refresh rate and not 75.

And for ur info i bought this during big billion days for lesser price...."
761,5,Best Budget Gaming monitor with 1080p. Worth buying.
762,4,every thing is good but the speakers are not loud
763,5,nice for gameing
764,5,Excellent product.
765,5,Pretty good monitor worth every rupee(that's what i think tho)
766,5,Budget oriented gaming monitor... perfect for gaming... refresh rate are good...
767,5,satisfied products
768,5,"Amazing quality.
Speakers are just awesome. Best speakers on any monitor.
Display better than LG ones.
Eyecare is best while working in dark lighting.

Go for it."
769,5,Great product guys dont he think of. Other monitors go for it u will be proud of yourself. After a lot of research i bought it and i am very happy 23.8inch killer feature.
770,5,Very good product.... satisfied
771,5,"Very good quality, display is awesome amazing bright vibrant & HDR colours. Brightness level is much better. I love it."
772,5,"* Amazing clarity
* Crisp Display
* Speakers are good enough for a small room

Worth every penny"
773,5,"Good purchase
After lot of research, I got the good monitor at best price."
774,5,Monitor is just okay nothing fancy audio quality could have been better
775,5,Awesome picture quality
776,4,"I appreciate the fast delivery in this situation but i don't appreciate how it arrived. The product came in a bit wet from the rain, the delivery guy could have taken it bit more carefully since its an electronic item. I hope the water didn't get inside the box."
777,5,"Good, fast delivery.

Good monitor for office work and 1080p gaming. Amd free sync ability helps go 75Hz without vsync. Colors could be better, though. And the dynamic contrast ratio is more pain than pleasure.

Bezels are not as narrow as it seems. The rim is definitely narrow and the glass big, but when on you will notice gaps around the screen on the edges, under glass.

No bundled driver. Default drivers work fine but if you want a bit more functionality use the online driver/controller ..."
778,5,"Quality in picture is so good that I feel movie.
I wish Lenovo have made smart TVs using this LED screens.
So good"
779,5,Go for it if you are willing to attach a console to it
780,5,Excellent monitor.. good deal Flipkart...no problems in monitor..😀😀👍
781,5,"Very good product
Thank u flipkart price to very low 7000"
782,4,"Value for money monitor.. you can consider if you want better monitor at lower cost.
Contrast ratio is best in this VA pannel monitor. Little bit disappointing is this, you can't get a HDMI cable inside the box. Overall all good"
783,5,Very good product. Delivered in 2 days . Packaging was very good
784,1,After use of jus 15 days only.. that too an hour per day... the monitor become black out on right side....
785,5,Good led thnx lenovo n flipkart
786,4,Decent products in this range ...it upto 75 Harz best va pannel good monitor vga hbmi port also available
787,5,Very good product. Using for last one month while doing WFH.
788,5,"Look wise good, Slim, comfortable size

But this model has no speaker, so if you connect hdmi from laptop, the sound will go away on laptop. You need to change settings on your laptop to use its own speakers.

Otherwise you can connect additional speaker on monitor as well."
789,5,Best Monitor for work and superb clarity.
790,4,"Nice product!!
Smooth working!!"
791,4,One of the best product. I am happy with the purchase.
792,5,"Value for money
Before purchase so some research on type of LED monitors
There are three types..
This is va type that suited my need"
793,4,Using as an external screen for my laptop for past one month. I have no complaints after use.Attaching the base to the monitor can be a little tricky.
794,5,"This is my honest review
Don't hesitate in buying this go for it
Only con is that there no speakers but overall the display is vibrant no issues

Good for the price 🙂"
795,5,"Great product by lenovo in this price, loved it.."
796,5,"I bought this monitor after so much research of finding the best 24 inch IPS monitor. Here are the pros and cons.

Pros:
IPS screen provides better colour accuracy & wider viewing angle
3 side borderless screen provides that extra diagonal screen width unlike other monitors which provide 23.8 inch only instead of 24.
Better picture modes for different needs(Gaming, Cinema, Photo Editing etc)
Good refresh rate of 60 hz or 75 Hz with AMD freesync
Good Response time of 5ms


Cons:
Like every IP..."
797,5,"A definite upgrade over the popular 22mp68vq. For a price of 11k, choosing this over that is a no-brainer! 75hz refresh rate supported natively as well over HDMI. 24 inch is perfect size for a 1080p display, so I am glad this isn't smaller or bigger. PERFECT!"
798,5,"Exactly as i hoped it to be, deeper dark and brighter whites , decent picture quality, less bright though, but nice to watch movies in less illuminated room, don't get bothered about the ips glow (pretty much acceptable ), all in all best budget ips 75 Hz monitor with freesync."
799,5,"Bought it for WFH. It's an amazing purchase. The colours are good, bezels are thin (only 3 sides). And the joystick is fun to operate. There is a reader mode in the monitor which blocks blue light. Also it's probably not mentioned here, but vertical angle adjustment is possible.
Only thing which took me by surprise is.. The back portion is white coloured which is not obvious from the images shown here. I was fine so kept it."
800,5,It serves my daily needs as I am not a hardcore gamer and LG has its own software for on screen control. You need to download the latest version from LG's website. HDMI cable is included. And the picture looks superb as the monitor is connected with my Gigabyte Raedon RX570 4 GB GPU. Bezel less design adds spices to the picture when you are watching movies or play games. The software will give you the freedom to choose pre defined picture mode or you can create your own. Depth of Black is ver...
801,5,"Really best panel good viewing angle loved it LG is best (Gaming, Editing, Etc ) best."
802,4,"Very Good buy, got it for 10400. Has read mode which is very useful during programming. Only drawback is that it doesn't have usb ports. Only 2 hdmi 1 vga and aux out. If you just need a very good hd 24 inch display and ready to connect to external speakers then go for this."
803,5,"This IPS-technology monitor meets my needs exactly. It has nice borderless design, awesome viewing angel, Radeon free sync. On-screen control is very easy and useful features."
804,5,"A real gem with 24"" screen within this budget with 75Hz screen refresh rate. It's buttery smooth in gaming and during normal work as well. It can be recommended to any type of user, without any doubt."
805,5,just buy it but it is not 4k u can't play 4k video/movie in it and u Don't get 4k in 24inch u have go below 18inch or from 27inch.not good for front eye user. use it from little far ok... overall best for price.
806,4,"Disclaimer : Photo misleading , bezel not as thin as shown. They're about 0.7-0.8 cms , live every other monitor. Nothing special.

That aside, this is one beautiful monitor. Stand looks sleek and modern. Feels sturdy with minimal wobble. Although it does lift the display up from the desk an inch higher than most monitors.

Has VESA mount behind the stand socket, so can be mounted on an arm or the wall.

Sadly, no height adjustment. But angle can be adjusted.

Colours look clear. There is som..."
807,3,"Fast 1Day delivery by ekart.
Picture quality very good.
Base stand and packing all godd. HDMi given no VGA cable given inside box.
Not sure how to mount on the wall there seems no holes for the same.

But....big big CON
Why even there is a speaker which is good for nothing.

Go for other varient without speaker save 2K.

Cutting 2 star for 2 3 W speakers which seems .5watt
Edit will be done after 1 month usage."
808,4,"Nice 250nits display !! Ergonomics was fascinating little over priced but comparatively good for productivity because it's only 75hz panel not good enough for gaming , suits for multi tasker like content creator or developer"
809,5,"This is one gorgeous piece of hardware that’s bound to elevate just about any desktop system out there. I noticed a slight bit of backlight bleeding during testing but it’s not really noticeable unless you’re actively looking for it. The display covers 99% of the sRGB space and I was happy with the calibration out of the box. The pixel density is a bit lesser than I’d like but unless Lenovo decides to build an Q22i I’m more than happy to stick with this one.

The stand is solidly heavy and ke..."
810,4,"The monitor is absolutely stunning. Colors are vibrant and the design of the monitor is eye-catching and premium. Whether it is playing AAA games or watching movies in FHD, the monitor is perfect. I have disabled the sound from the monitor as is not required in my case, however it is better than a laptop. You get 75 hz refresh rate and 4 ms response time as promised. However I have deducted 1 star as the bezel is not as thin as the one in the product ad here. It's slightly noticeable. I was ..."
811,5,Awesome quality and love the sleekness of Lenovo product.
812,4,"It's a good monitor, worth the buy and worth the price."
813,5,Good product go for it.
814,5,"Very good for coding , watching videos

Only speaker is useless"
815,5,Best monitor for work and entertainment
816,5,"LG 22MP68VQ.
This monitor very good .
My personal experience .
Videos performs good quality .
And this morning looking good.
I have not gaming experience share.
Because, My lower PC , I have not trying to games and HDMI port.
So, I think, this is a best budget monitor.
Sorry, My English is not good. Please try to adjustment.
That's all."
817,5,Perfect Monitor cum TV for me. Full HD clarity display. I am fully satisfied after buying such affordable Full HD LED Monitor. Actually I have connected Airtel Digital TV and enjoying awesome video experience.
818,5,"This is my first ever 1080p IPS monitor. The display is really nice and the colors are all really vibrant. It supports freesync and upto 75Hz refresh rate. Out of the box it's at 60Hz unless you turn on freesync. You can unlock the 75Hz even on Nvidia graphics cards, except it won't support the AMD freesync technology. You get an HDMI cable out of the box too, even though I didn't see it being mentioned in the product page.
Please do note that you can't enter BIOS while having the freesync op..."
819,5,"Fabulous Purchase
I am Writing this review after 10 Days of Purchase!!!
And Believe it or not
I don't think presently under 10000 price segment any other monitor can c compete with this. This monitor is absolutely awesome. IPS LED bezel-less display 5 millisecond response time, cable manager, with great viewing angles, awesome colours.
If You are looking for a budget big screen monitor so you can choose it without any doubt.
I have purchased many monitors import segments higher prices and lo..."
820,5,"22MP68VQ and 22MK600M both have same specification except 3 spec

1. 22MP68VQ IS 2016 MODEL BUT 22MK600M IS 2018 MODEL and the Manufacturing date may vary in both the models
2. 22MP68VQ has VGA, DVI, HDMI and audio out ports - 22MK600M has VGA, 2 HDMI and audio out ports

3. MOST IMPORTANT IS DISPLAY (Panel Bit depth)
22MP68VQ is 8 bits panel and 22MK600M is 8 bits (6 bits + FRC) which is low quality and low cost display than 8 Bits panel.
6 Bits + FRC panel is a 6 bits panel and it try to ..."
821,4,Very nice led comes with HDMI cable only worth to buy
822,3,"I can't find a single pixel when it connects to my Mac.
Pros

1. Power Saving Mode
2. Software available for Mac
3. Multiple window feature
4. No Heat
5. Anti reflective
6. Seamless connection
7. Good packaging from the seller
8. Brand new item
9. No flicking (Gaming)
Cons.
1. I haven't found anything yet."
823,5,"Writing this review after using it for 2months it is best in its price segment just go for it.. Dont think too much just buy it I'm saying this cuz I've searched for around 1 month or so. Then i finally made my mind to buy this monitor. If it helps, press like button so that others can also read my comment."
824,5,"I brought this monitor for 7200rs with bank offer.
Excellent monitor for the price tag.
It comes with AMD freesync.
I haven't tested this monitor with games, but perfect for browsing and video or movie.
Pros:
1. Thin bezels for 3 sides.
2. 3 connectors HDMI, DVI,VGA
3. 75 Hz refresh rate regardless of your gpu, just turn on freesync from monitor setting.
4. Black stabilizer works perfectly well.
5. Sharper image and video quality due to higher Pixel density when compared to 24 inch.
6. HDMI ..."
825,5,"Best monitor .but you have to lower down the brightness otherwise it will effect your eyes.
Delivery was fast but the packing was worst no protection was given just came in a tight cardboard box nothing else not even a bubble wrap . And if anyone reading this review knows how to run the monitor in 75 hz please reply because even after turning off the freesync there is no option to switch from 60hz to 75hz ...This monitor can only achive upto 73hz with overclocking but it can decrease the lon..."
826,4,If video is Full HD or 2K then this monitor works like a charm otherwise video appears distorted. My HP IPS panel in same price range has better clarity and colour reproduction but only difference is audio out which is available in this monitor.
827,5,"This monitor is with two hdmi port which helps to connect two devices you can switch easily between two ports, the out is just awesome worth for money. Special discount from Flipkart on discount sale kudos to Flipkart for offer
One draw back no speaker with it rest worth"
828,5,Awesome monitor.... loving its eye care feature... using it currently in my dual monitor setup....
829,4,Awesome product.
830,5,Value for money monitor for WFH people. VGA ccable is given in box. Only cons for me was the 16A power adapter for which I had to buy a conversion board
831,5,GOOD PRODUCT
832,5,Received in good condition and working as expected. No issues to report in last one week of usage
833,3,"Big 16 amp of power cord is provided
No hdmi cable provided.

I would suggest to buy GW2480 instead of this as it comes with speaker and other two which I have mentioned above."
834,3,Not Ideal To use With 15.6 inch Laptop.. I went with 21.5inch insted and satisfied with it. also 16A Plus Is OverKill. also No Hdmi cable in box
835,5,"Design - 5/5
Quality - 5/5
Picture quality : 5/5

Note : 16W adapter will be provided and no hdmi will be there"
836,3,"Price got reduced by 1000 by the time my order was delivered. Is it possible to return the product and order the new one with cheaper price!

The base of the stand delivered to me looks to have a very minor scratch like it was already used. And a screw on the back side of the monitor looked loosened and worn out. I tightened it up to insert the stand. Hope the product is fresh and not the used one. Product is good and this review is for seller."
837,5,Great product.. very satisfied
838,5,Good moniter at low prize
839,4,Quite decent product with height adjustable stand
840,5,Very good ptoduct. Must buy.
841,5,Nice prdct
842,1,I did all settings.. but still I see it is creating lot of stress to the eyes.. I see the display not suitable for someone who spends 8 to 9 hours in day with computers
843,4,"Hey it's TN Panel not led or TFT OR Lcd panel
TN pannels are old model
This monitor released in 2015
If you watch movies and playing games don't go because it's not wide monitor
Still worth to buy because it has usb HDMI VGA ports in this monitor"
844,5,Excellent monitor for professional use
845,5,Big screen fells good to c monitor
846,5,Excellent product at the price which I got in republic day sale. I need a product which cause less eye strain as I am a guy who is currently WFH and need a good monitor for my daily work. This is decent package. Its eye care technology and low blue light features are good. Thank u flipkart and benq for such a product.
847,5,Good
848,5,Nice for work or kids
849,5,As good as Dell monitor with extract auto brightness control feature.
850,5,Great monitor. Very crisp display and lightweight.
851,5,The best
852,5,Good quality...🧡
853,5,Great Monitor and thanks Ekart for a good delivery.
854,5,Satisfied with the purchase!!
855,5,Good ..
